While we focus on this, there will be the following effects:\n$EFF$
National Focus
Despite the increasing possibilities given by aerial and naval warfare, ground combat will still be key in tomorrow's wars. With the correct preparations, we can avoid reliving the hell of the trenches.
Equipment Effort
The limits for which equipment that can be carried by our infantry are constantly being pushed. We will focus on giving our troops the best tools available.
Motorization Effort
Mobility and protection are crucial in getting our infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these areas will allow us to improve more quickly.
Doctrine Effort
The military doctrines that defined ground combat in the Great War are outdated. We must put our greatest minds to the task of shaping the military thought of tomorrow.
Equipment Effort II
We will continue our efforts to ensure our infantry and support troops are equipped with the best possible equipment of our time.
Mechanization Effort
Rethinking the possibilities of motorized infantry, we can push the limits of what vehicles can be constructed today.
Doctrine Effort II
The battlefield has changed not just in the interbellum years, but over the course of recent conflicts. We must continuously re-evaluate our doctrines to reflect this.
Equipment Effort III
Instead of imitating or buying foreign equipment, we should aim to become a world-leader in infantry weapons.
Armor Effort
Applying what we have learned from mechanizing our infantry, we can improve our armored vehicles as well.
Special Forces
We have need of elite specialist forces; mountain troops and paratroopers should be our priority.
Aviation Effort
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Nowhere are technological advances more rapid than in aerial warfare. Aviation is a subject that any modern nation must master.
Fighter Focus
We have not seen the last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Bomber Focus
When people of the future speak of the horror of today's wars, fire raining down from the skies will prominently feature. We must ensure that those stories are told by our enemies.
Aviation Effort II
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force into the other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
Rocket Effort
Rocket and jet engines allow for unprecedented speeds for unmanned and manned vessels alike. Pioneering these technologies will allow us to take our enemies by surprise.
NAV Effort
Just as the new naval warfare takes place in part beneath the water's surface, part of it takes place in the air above the water.
Naval Effort
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Dockyards§!
The expansion of our navy should be our first priority. Assign all available resources to building new dockyards and expand our research into various new surface ships.
Expand Dockyard Facilities
To truly rebuild a navy worthy of note, we must greatly expand our shipbuilding capacity.
Flexible Navy
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Submarine Effort
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Cruiser Effort
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, our smaller cruisers need replacement.
Destroyer Effort
Studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we have also learned how to counter those strategies. Destroyers will be crucial for this.
Capital Ship Effort
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. Battleships and carriers represent the old and the new in naval superiority.
Industrial Effort
Focus all our political efforts on building up the civilian industry in a great leap forward.
Esponiage Effort

Industrial Effort II
With iron will and a relentless work ethic, we can mobilize the people in another great industrial effort.
Construction Effort
Not enough building slots for §YCivilian Factories§!
Civilian industrial capacity must not be underestimated even when war looms over the world.
Armament Effort
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§!
If you can build tractors, you can build tanks! We must not allow our military production capacity to lag behind.
Construction Effort II
Continuing to expand our factories will allow us to speed up production of goods for trade and further construction efforts.
Armament Effort II
Trying to adapt civilian factories to produce military equipment is inefficient. We should focus on preparing military production now.
Armament Effort III
Continued efforts to expand our military factories are necessary to meet the demands for new equipment.
Infrastructure Effort
A country without proper infrastructure cannot pursue advanced projects or constructions.
Not enough building slots for §YInfrastructure§!
Not enough building slots for §YSynthetic Refinery§!
Infrastructure Effort II
Extending our infrastructure further will enable the transports and communications necessary for high-tech clandestine projects.
Construction Effort III
Expansion of our infrastructure network has significantly improved our capacity for construction.
Nuclear Effort
Standing on the edge of a world-changing discovery, we cannot let others light the fire that may one day consume the Earth.
£tech_mod Industrial Research
Our industrial expansion and other recent advances might allow us to conduct more research & development in parallel.
£tech_mod Advanced Research
The rapid industrialization of our nation has opened up new opportunities in research & development that we should pursue.
£tech_mod Technology Sharing
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime research & development more efficiently.
Secret Weapons
It is tempting to expend extra resources into developing tanks and planes, but the secret to winning wars lies in whole new fields of science; electronics, rocketry and nuclear research.
Political Effort
To bring about change in the world, we need to be able to bring about change in our own country. Strengthening our political position should come first.
Collectivist Ethos
Our enemies may divide and conquer lesser nations, but our people will stand united. All for one and one for all.
Liberty Ethos
In this time of ideological fanatics who seek to suffocate the human spirit, we will safeguard individual liberties and freedom.
Militarism
Those who view the military as a necessary evil are doomed to hesitate in the face of war. We will ingrain militarism into our culture to become a people of soldiers.
Political Correctness
People holding mildly controversial or otherwise embarrassing opinions appear to be concerned that there is a wide-reaching conspiracy against them. This seems like an excellent idea.
Neutrality Focus
While others may claim it takes bravery and wisdom to take sides in a global conflict, we know it takes more to refuse.
Interventionism Focus
We value the freedom of all people, not only our own citizens. If preventing tyranny means war, then so be it.
Military Youth
Organizations to promote discipline and political education of young people in our nation will foster loyalty and self-sacrifice early.
Deterrence
Standing alone, we rarely benefit from war. Fortunately, we know that the best defence is one so well-known you never have to put it to use.
Volunteer Corps
Forcing our people to die for ideals of freedom would be an exercise in irony, but establishing means for those who wish to aid people abroad is not.
Paramilitarism
Military principles have applications outside of the military. With the development of semi-militarized units to complement our armed forces, more people will have military training.
Indoctrination
Having established our ideology as based on the truth, it may be taught as truth. Education and media must reflect this lesson.
Foreign Expeditions
With our enemies prepared to intervene in distant conflicts on behalf of their ideals, we must be ready to do the same for ours.
Why We Fight
If we don't have the §YNeutral Foreign Policy§! spirit we will be able to create factions.\n
The world is growing increasingly unsafe. Our people need to see the atrocities being committed by those who crave power. It is time we rally the people to our cause and ensure everyone is ready to fight for our freedom.
Political Commissars
To ensure that our policies are followed in military practice, we will introduce politically appointed officials into military ranks.
Internationalism Focus
Ideology knows no borders. Another nation may call itself sovereign, but our convictions are above such claims.
Nationalism Focus
Our nation is unique, and our political achievements could only have happened here. We must fight for it at any cost.
Ideological Fanaticism
Our politically established values and goals are worth dying for as much as any ancient faith. Any follower should be prepared to face death, and those who stray better be prepared to face death.
Air Innovations
Modern wars cannot be won without dominating the skies. We must do everything in our power to develop the air force!
Air Innovations II
Every advantage we can gain in the skies is precious. We should focus all of our efforts on developing our fighters.
Naval Air Effort
The efficacy of air strikes against naval targets was demonstrated by the Americans already back in 1921. We should not neglect this branch of the Air Force if we intend to wage war on a naval power.
Requisition Civilian Trucks
We need all the Trucks we can find for the war effort
Requisition Civilian Cars
We need all the cars we can find for the war effort
Requisition Civilian Motorcycles
We need all the motorcycles we can find for the war effort
Ration Civilian Petrol
We need to manage our Petrol and Oil reserves. This involves controlling how much fuel civilians have access to and to allocate more to the military.
Collect scrap Metals
Citizens are encouraged to collect metal objects and hand them in to collection points to be scrapped for the war effort.
Round up Horses- Peacetime
Our military needs more Horses! We can take them from the farms and civilians. This will not be popular and may impact our economy. However, the military needs must come first!
Round up Horses- Wartime
Our military needs more Horses! We can take them from the farms and civilians. This will not be popular and may impact our economy. However, the military needs must come first!
Train Officers
We will use our new knowledge to bring our officers in line with modern military tactics
Develop New Land
Recent improvements made to our Industry means that we can now develop previously unacceptable land
Stockpile Fuel

Requires at least 2 uniform factory slots in one province
Requires at least 2 smallarms factory slots in one province
Requires at least 1 smallarms factory slot in one province

Reduces the effects of the §YDust Bowl§!
Reduces the effects of §YThe Great Depression§!
Removes the effects of §YThe Great Depression§!
Begins a gradual recovery from the remaining effects of §YThe Great Depression§!
Lend Lease Act
The Lend-Lease Act, formally known as An Act to Promote the Defense of the United States, was enacted to allow the government to provide the United Kingdom, Commonwealth countries, Free France, the Republic of China and later allies like the Soviet Union with food, oil and material. A total of 50.1 billion dollars, most going to the United Kingdom, was shipped to allied nations. The terms of Lend Lease stated the material was to be used until returned or destroyed, though very little equipment like tanks and trucks were returned at wars end. Without Lend-Lease and America’s arsenal of democracy, many nations would have not been able to effectively fight against the fascist menace.
Atlantic Charta
Arcadia Conference
Casablanca Conference
Requisition Civilian Trucks
We need all the Trucks we can find for the war effort
Requisition Civilian Cars
We need all the cars we can find for the war effort
Requisition Civilian Motorcycles
We need all the motorcycles we can find for the war effort
Ration Civilian Petrol
We need to manage our Petrol and Oil reserves. This involves controlling how much fuel civilians have access to and to allocate more to the military.
Collect scrap Metals
Citizens are encouraged to collect metal objects and hand them in to collection points to be scrapped for the war effort.
Round up Horses- Peacetime
Our military needs more Horses! We can take them from the farms and civilians. This will not be popular and may impact our economy. However, the military needs must come first!
Round up Horses- Wartime
Our military needs more Horses! We can take them from the farms and civilians. This will not be popular and may impact our economy. However, the military needs must come first!
Continue the New Deal
The policies of the New Deal have proven to work. We must not lose our way now.
Suspend the Persecution
The persecution of American citizens for their political views - no matter how abhorrent they may seem - is fundamentally at odds with the values of this country. It must cease immediately.
Desegregate the Armed Forces
Serving under arms in the armed forces of one's country can be an unwelcome duty - but it can also be a cherished right. A right that many of our citizens are denied on account of their ancestry.
Full Desegregation
For too long, some of our states have treated people differently based on old, outdated and inhuman criteria. In a free republic, every citizen must be treated equally - and not seperately.
Democratic Socialism
No right-thinking person can deny that socialism is the future of human civilization. At the same time, no proud and patriotic citizen of this republic could possibly support a system where government is no longer made by the people and of the people. Like our proud forefathers, we will create a new form of government that combines both.
Liberty for the Philippines
The people of the Philippines have shown their ability to organize their own affairs, and it is about time that the last vestiges of American control over their country are official removed.
Pacific Decolonisation
There is no justification - none - for the continued presence of European powers in the Pacific, nor for keeping the peoples of the Pacific Islands in servitude to their European masters. America will no longer stand idly by while this injustice continues.
Union Representation Act
Work is a core part of human life, and organizing into a union is a fundamental part of organizing a democratic society. It is only proper that we should recognize this and ensure that unions have mandatory representation in Congress.
Old Age Pension Act
After a lifetime of work, our people deserve to enjoy financial security and respect in old age. What legislation exists to support them is clearly insufficient.
Accumulated Wealth Tax Act
Some people in our country have amassed absurd amounts of capital. This money sits passively in bank accounts or invested in impractically large buildings, gildened furniture and expensive paintings. None of these serve any viable economic purpose. by instituting a new tax we will force those amongst our citizens who have amassed such useless wealth to reinvest the money into the economy.
Guarantee the American Dream
Most of our people don't wish for much in life: stable employment, good health, and a place to start a family. There is no reason why they shouldn't have that.
Worker Management Act
Far too often factories and offices are managed by people who have never worked on the shop floor. Unable to understand the realities of production, they set unrealistic expectations. To safeguard our economy from the damage such incompetent managers can cause, we will enforce management of the workers, by the workers, for the workers!
Militia Organization Act
Our proud republic has a long tradition of the citizen soldier. Should our country ever find itself invaded by a foreign attacker, they will face a well-organized and well-armed militia of men and women fighting on familiar territory to defend their homes.
Communal Property Act
The needs of the many should never be outweighed by the desires of the few, or even the one. To ensure that this is the case, we will pass new legislation to allow local communities to execute eminent domain more easily.
Reintegration
The war has divided our nation, but eventually, even those that rose up against us can yet be redeemed. When the population has learned the error of their ways, they should be allowed to once again rejoin the political process in our proud republic.
Reach out to the Ware Group
There exists a small group of devoted communists inside our government. They believe that they operate in secret, but we know their names. Perhaps they could see that our goal align and could be persuaded to join the government.
Secure China
China has been gripped by a long, bloody civil war. The Nationalist government is deeply corrupt and has lost all support in the population. It is time we start to support the single actor in China who can unite and pacify the country - the Communist Party.
End Monarchism
The monarchies of Europe have plunged the world into one world war already - we can not allow them to do it again. Our forefathers made war on the King of England to gain their freedom - we shall free the world from his tyranny forever!
Shatter the Empires
We were once a colony of a global empire, until we purchased our freedom in blood. Our republic can not truely feel secure until those that dream themselves masters of this world are contained.
Agricultural Adjustment Act
Our farmers have been particularly hard-hit by the depression. We must ensure that the people who produce our food are not driven out of business by an unchecked market.
Fair Labor Standards Act
The Fair Labor Standards Act (FSLA) first began as a proposal in 1932 to adopt a thirty-hour work week. After revision, the FSLA was later passed with an eight-hour workday and forty-hour work week with employees guaranteed a minimum wage and time-and-a-half for hours worked over forty hours. The act did not cover seasonal employees, executives, and people who earned tips. The full implementation of the FSLA was postponed due the outbreak of the Second World War.
Federal Housing Act
As part of our ongoing efforts to eradicate poverty in the United States, we will create a program of federally-subsidized housing.
Scientific Research & Development Office
With war looming on the horizon, we must focus our scientific efforts to ensure that we are not outmatched by any potential adversary.
Focus on Europe
The Great Powers of Europe are once more poised to plunge the world into a world war. We can not, as we did before, wait until it affects us. We must be ready to intervene decisively should any nation in Europe threaten the peace.
Focus on Asia
While most people look with worry towards Europe, we also face uncertainty and instability across the Pacific. It might be in our best interest to intervene abroad before we attacked closer to home.
MAGIC
The Navy thinks it can break the Japanese encryption codes, which would allow us to read all of their message traffic, including ship movements.
Neutrality Act
It seems increasingly certain that war will break out in Europe. During the Great War, American companies sold large quantites of weapons to the Allies, and many believe that the American entry was mostly motivated by a desire to ensure that those deliveries would be paid for. This time, there won't be any war-profiteering.
\n\nPassing the Neutrality Act will §Rdrasticly increase§! the requirements to pass the Lend Lease Act
Reestablish the Gold Standard
Without the Gold Standard, money exists as little more than an article of faith, while rampant inflation eats away our people's savings and devalues their work. We must abandon this fiscally irresponsible path.
Adjusted Compensation Act
Our veterans of the Great War were promised a fair pension. Many have fallen on hard times recently as the depression hit. We must do what we can to help those who answered the call of the Republic in its hour of need.
Labor-Management Relations Act
Businesses all over America are threatened by all kinds of union activities - strikes, organizing, demands for higher wages. We can not allow this to continue.
Protectionist Tariffs
Free Trade has opened up our markets to foreign competitors, many of which have raised tariffs and duties of their own. Our companies face stiff competition while theirs enjoy the safety of the customs-wall. This must end.
Income Tax Reform
The Income Tax takes money out of every American's wallet - money that our citizens could spend on buying other things and supporting their local economy. We will give Americans the autonomy over their own finances back.
American Institute of Sciences
The universities and research labs all across the nation have so far conducted their research as they saw fit. This must end. We will create a new organization to coordinate the efforts of our world-class scientists.
America First
Some people would have us spend our treasures and the blood of our youth in foreign wars. We must not be swayed by these warmongerers, and will instead live by a simple maxim: America First - Everyone Else Second.
Extend the Chinese Exclusion Acts
With China ravaged by war we must take steps to limit Chinese immigration, lest we be drowned in waves of refugees.
Empower the Huac
The House Commitee on Unamerican Activities serves an important function in our healthy democracy. We must not permit illoyal elements from trying to influence the political process.
Voter Registration Act
Elections are the most important part of a democracy. It is utterly unreasonable to demand that there should be no checks on who can participate in them - or perhaps, the people who argue for uncontrolled elections have more sinister motivations and wish to subvert the process with vote fraud...
National Prosperity Program
The key to ensuring a swift recovery and lasting prosperity lies not in unchecked markets but in carefully guided programs, connecting private and public enterprises.
Privatize the TVA
The Tennessee Valley Authority has crowded out private competition and has established a strangehold on construction work in the area. It can not be the government's job to do things the private sector has proven to do better.
De-Regulate the Banking Sector
Following a correction in the financial markets that is perfectly normal in the economic cycle, previous governments have instituted quite unreasonable constraints on financial activities. While no doubt well-intentioned, these restrictions clearly do more harm than good.
National Employment Strategy
Unemployment comes from a simple fact: people don't match up with the jobs offered. Factories lie idle because employers don't find the people they need while people in other parts of the country starve. We will introduce a new strategy that will ensure that any employer can find the people he needs to run his company.
Invite Foreign Support
With some very disturbing reports coming in about the loyalty of the military and some state governments, we might have to look abroad for support.
Send Lindbergh To Germany
The famous aviator has offered to go to Europe to investigate how Germany has rebuilt itself after the last war. This should give us valuable experience. Lindbergh has also indicated that he would be willing to join the government in a consulting role.
Work With the Bund
The German-American Bund has offered to help us communicate our positions to the many Americans of German ancestry. It would ensure that we have a sympathetic base in their states.
Ensures that the following states remain with the government in the event of a civil war: Ohio, Missouri, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana and Michigan
Recruit the Free Corps
With the military increasingly suspect, we must turn to the heroes of the Great War. In its hour of need, the German Freikorps came to the aid of the German Republic. We need a similiar organization that will stay loyal to us when our hour of need comes.
Honor the Confederacy
For too long, the story of the Civil War was told from the northern perspective - the story of a doomed rebellion. It is time that the other side is heard as well.
In a world of increasingly fast aircraft carrying increasingly larger bombloads, in a world of submarines and chemical weapons, restricting the President to require the consent of Congress to do what is needed to defend the country is inviting disaster.
Seize Cuba
Just off our shores lies an unsinkable aircraft carrier, ready to serve as a base for an aggressor. We must not let that happen.
Eliminate the Southern Threat
Mexico has been an unstable mess for the last generation. Whether the violence spills over our border or someone unites the country and marches north is irrelevant - we must secure our southern flank.
The Canadian Corridor
A small strip of sparsly populated Canadian territory separates Alaska from the lower US. Its defense is therefore dependent on Canadian good-will. However, the most likely attacker is Canada. This can not continue.
North American Dominion
With our immediate borders secure, we must look further afield to pre-empt any threat against North America. We can not tolerate any rogue state in the region.
Strategic Interests
The world is more connected than ever before. A threat in one part of it can easily grow until it becomes a danger to the entire world. We must build a network of mutually-supporting bases around the globe to enable us to respond quickly to any situation.
Protect South America
The southern part of our double continent has been the playground of empires since it was discovered. It is time that someone took it upon themselves to ensure that those nations are undisturbed and guided towards a more productive future.
Pacific Pacification
Australia and New Zealand are too far from Britain to be effectively defended by them. We can not allow them to be taken over by a nation hostile to [USA.GetNameDef].
Secure Asia
The colonial nations in Europe seem either unwilling or unable to effectively defend their Asian colonies. We must take over this burden for them, lest these areas become springboards of further aggression.
Global Hegemony
We stand at the cusp of achieving a position of global supremacy that will allow us to prevent conflict just through our mere existence. We just have to ensure that the remaining Great Powers on the planet acknowledge our position.
War Plans Division
The Joint Army and Navy Board developed a color-coded war plans that covered hypothetical scenarios. The plans, which were developed by the Joint Planning Committee (later Joint Chiefs of Staff), were withdrawn at the outbreak of general war. A new series of plans nicknamed Rainbow were drafted under the assumption the United States would face a war on multiple fronts. In June 1941, the Air War Plans Division was created to provide the President the estimated production requirements to defeat potential enemies.
Reorganization Act
The Reorganization Act derives from then Governor Roosevelt’s reputation of reorganizing the state government to achieve efficiency. In 1937, the Brownlow Committee, Roosevelt submitted a plan to expand the presidential staff, integrate managerial agencies into the Executive Office of the President, expand the merit system, fold independent agencies into the existing cabinet-level departments, and modernize accounting and financial practices. The Court Packing scheme doomed the effort until 1939, when the House and Senate approved of the Reorganization Act of 1939, with a clause stating Congress had 60 days to object to changes. Congress never objected to any reorganization of the executive branch. 
Intervention in the Americas
Our first order of business must be to ensure we are prepared for any eventuallity in our own hemisphere.
War Plan Green
With Mexico in a constant state of instability following the revolution, we must be prepared to intervene, decisively.
War Plan Crimson
While Canada may be a friendly neighbour now, this may not always be the case.
War Plan Gray
History has shown that the nations of the Carribean are quite unstable. We might have to move quickly to protect American interests should any of them fall into instability.
Hemisphere Defense
Regardless of any foreign entanglements, we must first and foremost look to our own neighbourhood.
Intervention in Europe
Less than two decades after the end of the Great War, the nations of Europe are once again poised for war. We must be prepared in case the situation requires swift intervention.
War Plan Gold
France suffers from internal division and increasing political radicalism, but is also one of the greatest military powers of Europe. This combination makes many people uncomfortable.
War Plan Silver
Italy has openly declared its ambition to rule the Mediterranean. If their desires of an Empire conflict with our interests, we must be prepared.
Anti Bolshevist Aid
Any gun, shell, bullet and pair of boots we can give to those fighting the spread of communism will ultimately help defend us.
War Plan Ruby
India houses untold millions of people, which we must be prepared to face should we come into conflict.
War Plan Scarlet Garnet
In the Pacific, Australia and New Zealand may well come to the aid of their motherland. Any plan to deal with Britain must account for her colonies.
Intervention In Asia
Often overshadowed by the developments in Europe, Asia has its own trouble spots, forcing us to prepare for an intervention.
War Plan Yellow
China has been in a state of civil war for more than a generation. There is no telling when the situation deteriorates to the point where we have to intervene.
War Department
In an age of industralized warfare, we must have an administration capable of harnessing the resources of our great nation to their fullest potential.
Selective Training Act
The Selective Training and Service Act of 1940 was the peacetime conscription in US history. All men aged 21-36 were required to register with draftees selected by a national lottery. Draftees were to serve 12 months active duty and 10 years on reserve status. Congress would extend the active period to 30 months in 1941 which became the service extension act of 1941. Further legislation would extend the ages from 18-64 with a total of 10 million men inducted by the act’s expiration in 1947.
Louisiana Maneuvers
Designed to test multiple aspects of the modernization growing through the US Army, it focused on mechanization and the ability of such a force to operate over long distances. The armored division concept was considered sound and the lessons learned would lead to the formation of 16 armored divisions through the war.
Gain a template with §Y9 Motorized§!, §Y3 Motorized Artillery§! and §Y1 Motorized Anti-Tank§! battalions.\n
Airborne Divisions
Following the success of German airborne troops in 1940, the US began development of its own parachute corps. In 1942 the US converted the 82nd Infantry into what would become the famed ‘All American’ 82nd Airborne Division. With a mixture of gilder and parachute infantry, it paved the way for a further 4 divisions over the course of the war, including the 101st Airborne ‘Screaming Eagles’. The new concept proved its worth with US paratroopers becoming elite infantry and were key to the success of the Allied Invasion of both Sicily and Normandy.
Army of the United States
Prior to the outbreak of the war, the US Army was small and outdated. With the ascension of George Marshall to the role of Chief of Staff in 1939, the army began expanding and modernizing at a rapid rate and would form the backbone for allied forces against the Axis powers. 11.2 million Americans would serve in the US army over the course of the war.
Women's Armed Service Integration Act
During the war, women played important roles within the military which hugely increased the availability of men to fill combat roles – though only for the duration of the war. Enacted in 1948, the new law allowed women to serve as permanent members of the US Armed forces. It faced immense opposition in congress and went through several layers of amendments prior to being passed into law. While the other branches integrated, the Army would retain a separate Woman’s Army Corps until 1978.
Tank Experiments
Tanks are indispensable on the modern battlefield. We must find out how to best utilize them.
Tank Destroyer Doctrine
A controversial theory developed by some artillery officers, claiming that the best weapon against armored breakthroughs is a fast, lightly armored but heavily armed vehicle.
Main Battle Tanks
Experience in the field has clearly shown that a tank must be able to perform a large number of tasks, from infantry support to fighting enemy tanks. Designing vehicles to meet these needs allows us to streamline production.
Armored Infantry
Initial organization of Armored division placed a majority emphasis on tanks and experience in North Africa showed they were easily countered by strong anti-tank defenses. The divisions saw several reorganizations, each increasing the ratio of infantrymen to tanks turning their focus much more to combined arms then had previously been imagined.  The 1943 reorganization saw 3 tank battalions matched by 3 armored infantry battalions.
M2 Carbine
A modification of the M1 Carbine which had proved enormously popular due to its lighter weight and larger magazine, the M2 had a selector fire switch added enabling automatic fire of a 30-round magazine – the US’ first portable automatic weapon. The weapon was too late for widespread use in Europe but proved itself in the battle of Okinawa for its ability to quickly lay down suppressive fire. It combined a perfect balance of long-range accuracy with short range burst capacity which became the priority for all future US service rifles. The M2 was one of the primary US weapons equipping troops in the Korean war and remained in use through the 1960s.
Build the Pentagon
The expansion of our military requires a new global headquarters to command it.
Department of Defense
Renaming the war department underlines that we can no longer choose to ignore our protection until the moment it is tested. We must always be vigilant.
Escort Fighters
While the bomber might always get through, his wingman might not - unless they are both protected by friendly fighters.
US Army Airforce
The fundamental objective of military airpower is to allow the ground forces to take and hold ground. Everything else is ancillary.
US Air Force
The fundamental objective of military airpower is to win wars. Strategic bombing with ever more devastating weapons will either break the will of the enemy to resist or render them materially unable to do so.
Second Vinson Act
The vulnerabilities of major capital ships to aircraft were exposed during the 1920s which resulted in the rise of naval aviation. The Japanese ‘Kido Butai’ proved the striking capability of a carrier-based fleet and, following the loss of the majority of US Battleships in the Attack on Pearl Harbor, the US turned to expanding its own Carrier based fleet. Validation of the new US focus was provided with the major victory at the battle of Midway in 1942. The aircraft carrier changed the face of naval warfare and became the primary asset of any major fleet through the second world war.
Depending on the status of the §CNaval Treaties§!, the requirements for this focus may be reduced.
Two Ocean Navy Act
The Naval Expansion act of July 1940 was the largest ever expansion of the US navy, authorizing increasing its size by 70%. The act tapped a massive amount of funding - $150 million for facilities, $65 million for equipment and ordnance production, and $35million specifically for armor production. Naval aviation also saw huge increases with total aircraft authorized up to 15,000 with inclusions within the legislation for more. The act is considered to mark the US switch to wartime naval production.
Maritime Commission
While most laymen only focus on the warships, the true experts know that it is the humble cargo vessel that wins wars. To increase the amount of shipping available in times of war, we will form a special board to coordinate construction.
Advanced Basing
The further we can keep the enemy from our shores, the better.
Naval Radar
Radar offers tantalizing possibilites to take the cover of night away from our enemies and detect them even in bad weather.
Fleet Submarines
Our most likely opponents in the naval war both rely on foreign trade, which has shown to be very vulnerable to submarines. These submarines would have to have very long range to allow them to cross the oceans and operate close to the enemy shore.
Unrestricted Submarine Warfare
History has shown that whatever well-intentioned treaty tried to control submarine warfare is not worth the paper it is written on. We should not consider ourselves bound by something our enemies will ignore anyway.
Investigate Torpedo Reliability
There has been an increasung number of reports by our sailors about the poor reliability of our torpedoes. While initially dismissed as resulting from lack of maintenance and improper training, it is becoming increasing apparent that we have issued some of our forces with a weapon that is practically useless. We should take immediate measures to resolve this.
Gain the Degaussing technology
New Legislation is still being drafted
After this law is passed, it will take §Y230 days§! until further New Deal legislation is drafted and ready to be signed.\n\n
\n\nPassing this law will make it §Rsignificantly harder§! to mobilize your economy.\n\n



Führer Directives
Reintegrate Luxemburg & Alsace
Unlocks the §YRequisition Winter Gear§! ability for all unit leaders.\n
Unlocks the §YEncirclement Breakout§! ability for all unit leaders.\n
Führer Directives
§YWunderwaffen§! Decisions will appear in the upcoming weeks\n
Reichsautobahn
Add 1 level §YInfrastructure§! in several provinces across Germany
Since its inception in 1933, the autobahn project has been a glorious success. The construction efforts have reduced unemployment, and the wide roads stand as a monument to Germany's economic recovery. Much work remains to be done, however.
Upgrade the 'Rollbahn' Minsk-Moscow highway
The famous highway from Minsk to Moscow should be upgraded for our glorious panzers. Once we control the states the highway passes through we can improve it.
Upgrade the 'Rollbahn' Gomel-Kiev highway
Upgrade the 'Rollbahn' Gomel-Kyiv highway
The highway to Kiev should be upgraded for our glorious panzers. Once we control the states the highway passes through we can improve it.
The highway to Kyiv should be upgraded for our glorious panzers. Once we control the states the highway passes through we can improve it.
Upgrade the 'Rollbahn' Vitebsk-Leningrad highway
The highway to Leningrad should be upgraded for our glorious panzers. Once we control the states the highway passes through we can improve it.
Göring Four Year Plan
The Four-Year Plan was an economic initiative which Hitler started. It involved, amongst other things, reducing unemployment and undertaking public works projects such as the German Autobahns. Hermann Göring was chosen to see the plan brought into action.
Reichsautobahn
Will begin a series of yearly improvements to Infrastructure
Since its inception in 1933, the autobahn project has been a glorious success. The construction efforts have reduced unemployment, and the wide roads stand as a monument to Germany's economic recovery. Much work remains to be done, however.
Reichsautobahn-II
Add 1 level §YInfrastructure§! in §YSachsen§!, §YBrandenburg§!, §YThuringen§!, §YHannover§! and §YFranken§!
Since its inception in 1933, the autobahn project has been a glorious success. The construction efforts have reduced unemployment, and the wide roads stand as a monument to Germany's economic recovery. Much work remains to be done, however.
Reichsautobahn-III
Add 1 level §YInfrastructure§! in §YNord Ost-Preußen§!, §YSud Ost-Preußen§!, §YBaden§!, §YMoselland§!, §YSaarland§! and §YRhineland§!
Since its inception in 1933, the autobahn project has been a glorious success. The construction efforts have reduced unemployment, and the wide roads stand as a monument to Germany's economic recovery. Much work remains to be done, however.
Reichsautobahn-IV
Add 1 level §YInfrastructure§! in §YHessen§!, §YWestfalen§!, §YWeser-Ems§!, §YSchlegwig-Holstein§!, §YMecklenburg§!, §YWestpommern§! and §YPommern§!
Since its inception in 1933, the autobahn project has been a glorious success. The construction efforts have reduced unemployment, and the wide roads stand as a monument to Germany's economic recovery. Much work remains to be done, however.

Dismantling the §YMaginot Line§! will §Greduce the cost§! of other Fortification Projects.\n
§GCost is Reduced§! because we have §Ydismantled§! the §YMaginot Line§!.\n
Westwall
The Westwall runs parallel to France's vaunted Maginot Line, occupying much of the same ground as the Siegfried Line did in the previous Weltkrieg. Fortifying its defences will allow us to hold the border with fewer men, freeing up divisions to participate in any potential eastern campaigns.
§RIf the Rhineland is remilitarized, you will also gain:§!\n
 Add §Y12 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
 Add §Y6 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
Atlantikwall
Builds fortifications along the Atlantic coast
Builds Medium Coastal Forts along the Atlantic coast
Ostwall
Builds fortifications in Ost Oderland
Westwall-Lt Forts
The Westwall runs parallel to France's vaunted Maginot Line, occupying much of the same ground as the Siegfried Line did in the previous Weltkrieg. Fortifying its defences will allow us to hold the border with fewer men, freeing up divisions to participate in any potential eastern campaigns.
§RIf the Rhineland is remilitarized, you will also gain:§!\n
 Add §Y12 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
 Add §Y6 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
Westwall-Med Forts
The Westwall runs parallel to France's vaunted Maginot Line, occupying much of the same ground as the Siegfried Line did in the previous Weltkrieg. Fortifying its defences will allow us to hold the border with fewer men, freeing up divisions to participate in any potential eastern campaigns.
§RIf the Rhineland is remilitarized, you will also gain:§!\n
 Add §Y12 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
 Add §Y6 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
Westwall-Hv Forts
The Westwall runs parallel to France's vaunted Maginot Line, occupying much of the same ground as the Siegfried Line did in the previous Weltkrieg. Fortifying its defences will allow us to hold the border with fewer men, freeing up divisions to participate in any potential eastern campaigns.
§RIf the Rhineland is remilitarized, you will also gain:§!\n
 Add §Y16 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
 Add §Y8 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n

Resource Industrial Plan
Focus all our political efforts on building up the resources industry in a great leap forward.
Civilian Industry Plan
With iron will and a relentless work ethic, we can mobilize the people in a great civilian industrial effort.
£tech_mod Mixed Industry Plan
Focus all our political efforts on building up the military and civilian industry in a great leap forward.
Military Industry Plan 1
With iron will and a relentless work ethic, we can mobilize the people in a great military industrial effort.
Military Industry Plan 2
With iron will and a relentless work ethic, we can mobilize the people in another great military industrial effort.
German Synthetic Factories Expansion
Shortages in Oil and Rubber compels us to construct more synthetic oil factories.
German Synthetic Factories Expansion II
Shortages in Oil and Rubber compels us to construct even more synthetic oil factories.
Ration Civilian Petrol
We need to manage our Petrol and Oil reserves. This involves controlling how much fuel civilians have access to and to allocate more to the military.
Collect Metals
Citizens are encouraged to collect metal objects and hand them in to collection points to be scrapped for the war effort.
Requisition Civilian Trucks
We need all the Trucks we can find for the war effort
Requisition Civilian Cars
We need all the cars we can find for the war effort
Requisition Civilian Motorcycles
We need all the motorcycles we can find for the war effort
Round Up German Horses
Our military needs more Horses! We can take them from the farms and civilians. This will not be popular and may impact our economy. However, the military needs must come first!
Round Up European Horses
Our military needs more Horses! We can take them from the farms and civilians. This will not be popular and may impact our economy. However, the military needs must come first!
Round Up Russian Horses

Sturmgewehr
The Sturmgewehr 44 was the first successful assault rifle, with features including an intermediate cartridge, controllable automatic fire, a more compact design than a battle rifle with a higher rate of fire, and being designed primarily for hitting targets within a few hundred metres.
Luftwaffe Kommando (OKL)
The unjust Treaty of Versailles completely forbade Germany from having an air force, but German pilots continued training in secret. In 1935, all pretences of obeying the Versailles treaty were dropped and the German Reich proudly announced the official establishment of the new German air force, the Luftwaffe.
Luftwaffe Expansion
The tasks of the Reich's Air Ministry are of paramount importance. The Luftwaffe must be the most advanced Air Force in the world!
Advanced Jet Engine Research
 
Jet Research Effort I
 
Jet Research Effort II
 
Jet Research Effort III
 
Jet Research Effort IV
 
Jet Research Effort V
 
Jet Research Effort VI
 
Jet Research Effort VII
 
Jet Research Effort VIII
 
Jet Research Effort IX
 
Jet Research Effort X
 
Flak Defences I
 
Flak Defences II
 
Flak Defences III
 
Flak Defences IV
 
Flak Defences V
 
Commandeer Lufthansa
The Luftwaffe is in need of Transports, we shall take them from the civilian airlines
Luftwaffe Field Divisions
The Luftwaffe will lose some abilities. Following proposals to help bolster the strength of the Heer, Hermann Göring formulated a plan to create his own infantry divisions using 200,000-250,000 ground, support, and other excess personnel. The divisions were organized along the lines of two Jäger regiments with three battalions each, along with artillery and other support units. Göring intended for the units to be restricted to defensive duties in quieter fronts, however many units were used on the Eastern Front.
Luftwaffe Field Divisions II
The Luftwaffe will lose additional abilities. The thirst for men to bolster the strength of the Heer is never ending. Hermann Göring will provide additional ground, support, and other personnel to help the war effort.
Luftwaffe 'Herman Göring' Panzer Division
The unit was officially designated Division 'Herman Göring' on 15th October 1942. To fill the required numbers 5000 volunteers and the complete Fallschirmjäger Regiment 5 were absorbed into the new division. The Panzer Division was to be formed from the existing units with the recommendations that the army supply equipment, experienced Officers, NCOs, and Panzerwaffe instructors and commanders. These recommendations brought the addition of 1,500 men per month and saw the transfer of inexperienced Luftwaffe personnel to the army panzer divisions for 'on the job training' and experienced panzer officers and NCOs were transferred the HG Division. All tanks and other equipment (apart from Flak guns) were supplied by the army. The training battalion based in Utrecht was expanded to regimental size and received in its 'Gesenden-Kompanie', wounded personnel who released from hospital but were not yet ready for combat duty.
Küstenfliegergruppe (KuFlGr)
Naval Attack Bombers
Seeaufklärungsgruppe (SAGr)
Naval Patrol Bombers
Jagdbomber
Our bombers are too vulnerable to more agile fighters, but fighters designed purely with speed in mind are too unreliable. Like racehorses, they can outrun anything, but only under favourable conditions. If we were to develop 'fighter-bombers', heavier-armed and faster multirole aircraft prepared to operate under harsh conditions, then we can meet our enemy's 'racehorses' with warhorses instead.
Ural-Bomber
General Wever says we will have great success with heavy bombers so we should put resources in researching them.
§Y Walther Wever is alive §!
Amerika-Bomber
If we put effort in it, we can get a heavy Bomber that will be able to even bomb America.
Level Bombing
Some believe that in the next Great War, bombers will be critical, and the only way to end a bombing campaign will be to bomb the enemy into submission. The British have said 'the bomber will always get through' - let's make sure that when it comes to the Luftwaffe, that they are correct!
Dive Bombing
During the Great War, the inability of early aircraft to sustain a vertical dive often turned bombing runs into suicide missions. But recent advances in aeronautics may allow us to produce viable dive-bombing planes that are not only more accurate than traditional level bombers, but more flexible and cost-effective. Such an aircraft could be dubbed the Sturzkampfflugzeug ('diving combat airplane'), or 'Stuka' for short...
Jagdgeschwader (Fighters)
The ability of the Luftwaffe to conduct operations relies on achieving air superiority. We must develop agile and effective fighter planes for our Jagdgeschwaders ('hunter squadrons') to keep our enemies' fighters out of the sky.
Zerstörergeschwader (Heavy Fighters)
Luftwaffe staff believe there may be merit in pursuing the development of offensive-oriented twin-engine fighter planes with greater range and fuel capacity. These 'heavy fighters' could escort our bombers to enemy territory, then use their speed to quickly return home before more agile single-engine fighters can shoot them down... At least, in theory.
Nachtjagdgeschwader (Night Fighters)
Night Fighter Research
Wilde Sau- Single Engine Night fighters
Wild Boar, was the term given by the Luftwaffe to the tactic used from 1943 to 1944 during World War II by which British night bombers were engaged by single-seat day-fighter aircraft flying in the Defence of the Reich. It was adopted when the Allies had the advantage over German radar controlled interception. The fighters had to engage the British bombers freely as they were illuminated by searchlight batteries, while avoiding their own anti-aircraft fire. After some initial successes, rising losses and deteriorating weather conditions led to the abandonment of the tactic.
Zahme Sau- Twin Engine Night Fighters
In which the twin-engine night fighters in to the Himmelbett system using individual ground controlled interception were released. The fighters flew against the bomber stream in a co-ordinated operation over a wide area, guided by a running commentary derived from radar, ground observation, wireless interception and contact reports from aircraft tracking the bomber stream. Audio and visual beacons were used to assemble the fighters, which circled the beacons until the target was known and then intercepted the bombers, above a height beyond which the flak did not fire.
Jagdgeschwader Doctrine
The ability of the Luftwaffe to conduct operations relies on achieving air superiority. We must develop agile and effective fighter planes for our Jagdgeschwaders ('hunter squadrons') to keep our enemies' fighters out of the sky.
Jagdgeschwader (Fighters)
Fighters
Jagdgeschwader (Alt Fighters)

Jagdgeschwader Midwar

Jagdgeschwader Midwar(Alt)

Jagdgeschwader Latewar

Jagdgeschwader Latewar(Alt)

Schlachtgeschwader (CAS) I
Our bombers are too vulnerable to more agile fighters, but fighters designed purely with speed in mind are too unreliable. Like racehorses, they can outrun anything, but only under favourable conditions. If we were to develop 'fighter-bombers', heavier-armed and faster multirole aircraft prepared to operate under harsh conditions, then we can meet our enemy's 'racehorses' with warhorses instead.
Schlachtgeschwader (CAS) II
Our bombers are too vulnerable to more agile fighters, but fighters designed purely with speed in mind are too unreliable. Like racehorses, they can outrun anything, but only under favourable conditions. If we were to develop 'fighter-bombers', heavier-armed and faster multirole aircraft prepared to operate under harsh conditions, then we can meet our enemy's 'racehorses' with warhorses instead.
Sturzkampfgeschwader (Stuka Dive Bombers)
During the Great War, the inability of early aircraft to sustain a vertical dive often turned bombing runs into suicide missions. But recent advances in aeronautics may allow us to produce viable dive-bombing planes that are not only more accurate than traditional level bombers, but more flexible and cost-effective. Such an aircraft could be dubbed the Sturzkampfflugzeug ('diving combat airplane'), or 'Stuka' for short...
Schlachtgeschwader (Ground Attack Bombers)
Ground Attack Bombers
Sturzkampfgeschwader Midwar

Schlachtgeschwader Midwar(Alt)

Sturzkampfgeschwader Latewar

Schlachtgeschwader Latewar(Alt)

Schnellkampfgeschwader (Fast Light Bombers)
Fast Light Bombers
Kampfgeschwader (Medium Bombers)
Some believe that in the next Great War, bombers will be critical, and the only way to end a bombing campaign will be to bomb the enemy into submission. The British have said 'the bomber will always get through' - let's make sure that when it comes to the Luftwaffe, they're correct!
Schnellkampfgeschwader Midwar

Kampfgeschwader Midwar

Schnellkampfgeschwader Latewar

Kampfgeschwader Latewar

Tactical Air Effort
Victory will be achieved by annihilating the enemy's ground forces. We must focus on supporting our own armies with tactical strikes against close and deep targets.
Strategic Air Effort
Victory will be achieved by destroying the enemy's industries. We must focus our efforts on design and production of strategic bombers.
£tech_mod Treaty with the USSR
We can pursue a new research treaty with the Soviet Union to develop, chiefly, better tanks. If they agree, we can reopen the tank school we closed in Kama in 1933. Soviet cooperation will, of course, mean that they too will benefit from the innovations made...
Divert Resources to Synthetic Industries
We must begin to invest in our advanced scientific experiments and concepts.
Peenemünde Army Research Centre
Founded in 1937 as one of five military proving grounds under the German Army Weapons Office (Heereswaffenamt). On April 2, 1936, the aviation ministry paid 750,000 Reichsmarks to the town of Wolgast for the whole Northern peninsula of the Baltic island of Usedom. By the middle of 1938, the Army facility had been separated from the Luftwaffe facility and was nearly complete, with personnel moved from Kummersdorf. The Army Research Centre (Peenemünde Ost) consisted of Werk Ost and Werk Süd, while Werk West (Peenemünde West) was the Luftwaffe Test Site (Erprobungsstelle der Luftwaffe), one of the four test and research facilities of the Luftwaffe, with its headquarters facility at Erprobungsstelle Rechlin.
Rocketry
Rocket propulsion holds the key to massive innovations in all three of the military branches.
Vergeltungswaffe 1 (V1 Flying Bomb)
The V-1 flying bomb (Vergeltungswaffe 1 ot Vengeance Weapon 1)— also known to the Allies as the buzz bomb, or doodlebug, and in Germany as Kirschkern (cherrystone) or Maikäfer (maybug) — was an early cruise missile and the only production aircraft to use a pulsejet for power.
Vergeltungswaffe 2 (V2 Rocket)
The V-2 (Vergeltungswaffe 2 or Retribution Weapon 2), technical name Aggregat 4 (A4), was the world's first long-range guided ballistic missile. The missile with a liquid-propellant rocket engine was developed during the Second World War in Germany as a 'vengeance weapon', assigned to attack Allied cities as retaliation for the Allied bombings against German cities. The V-2 rocket also became the first artificial object to travel into outer space by crossing the Kármán line with the vertical launch of MW 18014 on 20 June 1944
Fritz X
Fritz X was the most common name for a German guided anti-ship glide bomb used during World War II. Fritz X was the world's first precision guided weapon deployed in combat, and the first to sink a ship in combat. Fritz X was a nickname used both by Allied and Luftwaffe personnel. Alternative names include Ruhrstahl SD 1400 X, Kramer X-1, PC 1400X or FX 1400 (the latter, along with the unguided PC 1400 ordnance's Fritz nickname, is the origin for the name 'Fritz X'). Along with the USAAF's similar Azon weapon of the same period in World War II, it is one of the precursors of today's anti-ship missiles and precision-guided weapons.
Rheinbote (V4)
Rheinbote (Rhine Messenger, or V4) was a short range ballistic rocket developed by Rheinmetall-Borsig at Berlin-Marienfelde. It was intended to replace, or at least supplement, large-bore artillery by providing fire support at long ranges in an easily transportable form.
Rakete, 4Kilogramm, Minenkopf (R4M)
The R4M (Rakete, 4Kilogramm, Minenkopf) rocket, nicknamed the Hurricane (Orkan) due to its distinctive smoke trail when fired, was an anti-aircraft rocket. The anti-aircraft version of the R4M used a large warhead of 55 mm with 520 g. of the strongly brisant Hexogen explosive charge, nearly guaranteeing a fighter kill with one hit, from the \"shattering\" force of its explosive warhead — this was the same explosive used in the shells fired by both the MK 103 and MK 108 autocannons. Each R4M weighed 3.2 kg and was provided with enough fuel to be fired from 1000 m, just outside the range of the bomber's defensive guns. The main body of the rocket consisted of a simple steel tube with eight base-hinged flip-out fins on the tail for stabilisation, deployed immediately after launch. A battery typically consisted of two groups of 12 rockets and when all 24 were salvoed in an attack, they would fill an area about 15 by 30 m at 1000 m, a density that made it almost certain that the target would be hit. The R4Ms were usually fired in four salvos of six missiles at intervals of 70 milliseconds from a range of 600 m, and would supersonically streak towards their target at a sixty percent higher velocity than the Wfr. Gr. 21's rockets would (the BR 21's projectile travelled at some 1150 km/h post-launch), as the R4M typically had a flight speed of roughly 1,890 km/h (1,175 mph). Two warheads were available for the R4M, the common PB-3 with a 0.4 kg charge for anti-aircraft use and the larger shaped charge, similar in construction to the Panzerschreck, the Panzerblitz (PB-2/3), for anti-tank use. The Panzerblitz III, mounting a gigantic 210 mm hollow charge warhead (the same calibre as the BR 21), can be seen as the ultimate development of the basic Orkan rocket. It was intended to be carried (six or eight rockets per plane) by the tank-busting B model of the Henschel Hs 132 jet dive-bomber
£tech_mod Wunderwaffe
Heisenberg and von Braun are chomping at the bit to explore certain ideas they have for true doomsday weapons. All they need are extra resources...
Norwegian Heavy Water
The Uranverein members identified Norway’s heavy water as one of the best candidates to act as a neutron moderator, so when German forces invaded in 1940 the Vemork plant was an asset they were quick to snatch. Under tightened security, the German scientists doubled the heavy water production capacity and began shipping barrels of the material back to the weapons laboratories in Berlin. The Norwegian civilian workers knew nothing of nuclear bombs or neutron moderators, but the Nazis’ conspicuous interest in the substance prompted members of the resistance to report the activity to British intelligence.
Goliath Tracked Mine
Leichter Ladungsträger Goliath was a name given to two German Unmanned ground vehicles, disposable demolition vehicles, used during World War II. These were the electrically powered Sd.Kfz. 302 and the petrol-engine powered Sd.Kfz. 303a and 303b. They were known as beetle tanks to the Allies. They carried 60 or 100 kilograms of high explosives, depending on the model, and were intended to be used for multiple purposes, such as destroying tanks, disrupting dense infantry formations, and the demolition of buildings or bridges. Goliaths were single-use vehicles that were destroyed by the detonation of their warhead.
Death Ray
During World War II, the Germans had at least two projects, and the Japanese one, to create so called death rays. One German project led by a man called Schiebold concerned a particle accelerator with a steerable bundle of beryllium rods running through the vertical axis. The other was developed by Dr Rolf Wideroe and is referred to in his biography. The machine developed by Wideroe was in the Dresden Plasma Physics laboratory in February 1945 when the city was bombed. Wideroe led a team in March 1945 to remove the device from the ruined laboratory and deliver it to General Patton's 3rd Army at Burggrub where it was taken into US custody on 14 April 1945.
V-3 Cannon
The V-3 (Vergeltungswaffe 3, 'Retribution Weapon 3') was a supergun working on the multi-charge principle whereby secondary propellant charges are fired to add velocity to a projectile. The weapon was planned to be used to bombard London from two large bunkers in the Pas-de-Calais region of northern France, but they were rendered unusable by Allied bombing raids before completion. Two similar guns were used to bombard Luxembourg from December 1944 to February 1945. The V-3 was also known as the Hochdruckpumpe (High Pressure Pump, HDP for short), which was a code name intended to hide the real purpose of the project. It was also known as Fleißiges Lieschen (Busy Lizzie).
Vortex Cannon
The Wind Cannon was developed by a factory in Stuttgart during the war. It was a type of gun that would eject a jet of compressed air against enemy aircraft. It was a strange device consisted of a large angled barrel like a bent arm resting in an immense cradle like some enormous broken pea-shooter lying askew. The cannon worked by the ignition of critical mixtures of hydrogen and oxygen in molecular proportions as near as possible. The powerful explosion triggered off a rapidly-ejected projectile of compressed air and water vapor, which, like a solid 'shot' of air, was as effective as a small shell. Experimental trials of the cannon at Hillersleben demonstrated that a 25mm-thick wooden board could be broken at 200m. Nitrogen peroxide was deployed in some of the experiments so that the brown colour would allow the path and destination of the otherwise transparent projectile to be observed and photographed. The tests proved that a powerful region of compressed and high-velocity air could be deployed with sufficient force to inflict some damage. However, the aerodynamics of a flying aircraft would almost surely have neutralized the effectiveness of this cannon. In addition, the effects of the cannon on a fast-flying aircraft was quite different from that on a fixed ground target. Still, the cannon was installed on a bridge over the Elbe, but with no significant results, either because there were no aircraft or simply no successes (as one might suspect). The wind cannon was an interesting experiment but a practical failure.
Sonic Cannon
During the early 1940s Nazi engineers had managed to develop a sonic cannon that could literally shake a person apart from the inside. Or at least that’s what they claimed. Designed by Dr. Richard Wallauschek, the cannon consisted of a methane gas combustion chamber leading to two large parabolic reflectors, the final version of which had a diameter over 3m. The 'dishes' were pulse detonated at around 44Hz and were connected to a chamber composed of several sub-units firing tubes. These tubes would allow a mixture of methane and oxygen in the combustion chamber, which when ignited, would turn these gases into noise that could kill. This infrasound, magnified by the dish reflectors, caused vertigo and nausea at 300 yards by vibrating the middle ear bones and shaking the cochlear fluid within the inner ear. Apparently, the sound waves created pressures that could kill a man 50 meters away in half a minute. To say the least, this is very unconvincing, since this supposed Sonic cannon was only tested on laboratory animals, and was never tested on human beings. Either or, in practice this thing would have been very vulnerable to enemy fire, since if the parabolic reflectors were damaged, it would render this weapon completely useless.
Landkreuzer P. 1000 Ratte
The Landkreuzer P. 1000 'Ratte' (Land Cruiser P. 1000 'Rat') was a design for a super-heavy tank, proposed by Krupp director Edward Grotte in June 1942. Submitted designs and drawings of the tank went under the names OKH Auftrag Nr. 30404 and E-30404/1, which were presented in December 1942. The tank was planned to be 1000 metric tonnes, being far heavier than the Panzer VIII 'Maus', the heaviest tank ever built (weighing 188 tonnes). The Ratte's primary weapon would have been a dual 280 mm SK C/28 gun turret. This was the same turret that was used on the German capital ship Gneisenau but modified by removing one of the guns and its associated loading mechanism. Removing the third gun allowed extra accommodation of ammunition, and reduced the total weight of the tank by 50 tonnes. The guns used for the Ratte would have fired ammunition developed for other naval guns. It also included armour-piercing rounds with 8.1 kg of explosive filler, and high-explosive rounds with 17.1 kg of explosive filler. Further armament was to consist of a 128 mm anti-tank gun of the type used in the Jagdtiger or Maus, two 15 mm Mauser MG 151/15 autocannons, and eight 20 mm Flak 38 anti-aircraft guns, probably with at least four of them as a Flakvierling quad mount. The 128 mm anti-tank gun's precise location on the Ratte is a point of contention among historians, most believing that it would have been mounted within the primary turret, with some others thinking a smaller secondary turret at the rear of the Ratte more logical. Some concept drawings exist to suggest a flexible mount on the glacis plate. The tank was to be provided with a vehicle bay that could hold two BMW R12 motorcycles for scouting, and several smaller storage rooms, a compact infirmary area, and a self-contained lavatory system. The project gained the approval of Adolf Hitler, who had expressed interest in the development of the tank, but was cancelled by Minister of Armaments Albert Speer in early 1943. The large size and weight would have rendered the tank unable to cross bridges at the risk of collapsing them, and travelling on roads would soon destroy them. Though its top intended speed was 40 kilometres per hour, its huge size and high visibility would have made it extremely vulnerable to aerial bombardment and artillery fire. Its great size would also have made it nearly impossible to transport—no existing railway or train car could bear its weight and its width was too great for existing tunnels.
Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact
A treaty of friendship and non-aggression with the USSR might turn the stomach, but it will allow their precious oil to keep flowing into Germany. The secret addendum will divide the territories of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Finland into German and Soviet spheres of influence.
Enter into a §Ynon-aggression pact§! with §YSoviet Union§! and agree to §Ydivide Poland§! between Soviet Union and Germany\n
Alliance with the USSR
Perhaps it is possible to put aside our ideological differences with the Soviets and instead emphasize what unites us: hatred of selfish liberalism and the decadent West. With the USSR as an ally, we would have access to all the resources we need - in addition to their military power, of course...
Puppet Turkey
Turkey is caught in a vice between us and our allies. If pressured, the Turks will most likely submit to our will and become a puppet state. However, if they reject our demands, it would mean war.
Enter the Rhineland
The Rhineland has been demilitarized since the end of the Great War, but this insult shall stand no longer! Germany is a sovereign nation and is free to move troops anywhere within her borders!
§RThe remilitarization may be reversed if you are confronted and back down.§!\n
Befriend Japan
We have long had a fruitful relationship with China, but our ambitions might be better served by instead aligning with our kindred warrior culture of Japan, even if it means throwing China to the wolves...
Befriend China
Let us deepen our long-standing friendship with China. Doing so will alienate Japan, but what is Japan if not merely the Italy of the East?
Anti-Comintern Pact
Interference by the Communist International in the internal affairs of the nations not only endangers their internal peace and social well-being, but is also a menace to the peace of the world! We will ask many of the non-Communist countries to sign the pact, and make sure that we keep the red menace in check.
Anti-Soviet Pact
We can take the Anti-Comintern Pact one step further and ask all members to commit to a coalition against the Soviet Union. If any signatory ends up at war with the USSR, all other members must also declare war.
§YSends offer to all members of the Anti-Comintern Pact to join a defensive alliance against the Soviet Union.§!
§Y The defensive alliance will call members to war if one of them is attacked by Comintern§!
War with the USSR
We can focus our propaganda efforts on preparing the German people - and the world - for a righteous war on the Soviet Union.
Befriend Turkey
Ataturk's Turkey is on an admirable path towards modernization, and the country controls access to the Black Sea through the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles. Bringing Turkey into our sphere of influence should be our first priority!
£tech_mod Anschluss
The Anschluss, or union with Austria, is a long-held goal of the German people. Although forbidden by the Treaty of Versailles, the time has finally come to bring it about. Let us offer the Austrians a chance at sharing our glorious destiny!
Uses Austrian gold to reduce the cost of §YMEFO bills§!.\n
Modify §YMEFO Bills§! by £political_power_texticon  §G+0.10§! Daily Political Power Gain\n
Reassert Eastern Claims
The Great War saw the loss of much German territory in the East with the resurrection of Poland and the transfer of Memel to Lithuania. An Ultimatum shall be sent to both nations, but Poland, at least, will likely not bow to mere words.
Germany Reasserted Eastern Claims
Reassert Western Claims
Reassert Western Claims
A Solution for Danzig
§R[This.GetName] must approve of the agreement for bonuses to take effect. They will leave [Root.GetFactionName] if war is declared.§!\n
§R[This.GetName] must approve of the agreement for bonuses to take effect. You will leave [Root.GetFactionName] the faction if war is declared.§!\n
Danzig was German, Danzig has remained German, and Danzig shall be German from now on! If Poland does not cede the territory, we must prepare the German people for the inevitable war. Danzig and the surrounding lands will return to Germany!
Befriend Czechoslovakia
The Czechs and the Slovaks are an industrious and admirable peoples. It is unfortunate that our territorial ambitions clash with theirs, but it is not too late to pursue friendship rather than subjugation.
Reclaiming the Sudetenland
The fate of the Sudeten Germans was one of the worst injustices inflicted by the Treaty of Versailles. They must be brought under our protection, regardless of any possible objections.
Germany Demanded Sudetenland
First Vienna Award
The Hungarians were one of the people that suffered the most after the Great War. Following the dismantling of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, many Hungarians were now stranded on soil previously considered theirs for hundreds of years. We could greatly improve our relations with Hungary by giving them some territories from Czechoslovakia.
Fate of Czechoslovakia
The time has come to divide the old Czech lands between those who can govern them properly. We should also consider the creation of a separate Slovak puppet state to the east.
Second Vienna Award
Northern Transylvania has a Hungarian majority and should rightly belong to our friends in Hungary. However, it is hard to say how the Romanian regime and people will react to this demand.
Alliance with Italy
Italians may be untrustworthy - as they proved in the Great War - but Mussolini and his Fascist movement have shown that there is hope for Italy yet. Surely, Germany only stands to gain by allying with Italy, does it not?
Condor Legion
Gain Air and land Doctrine and Technology Boosts

Has won §Y30§! battles in the §YSpanish Civil War§! with a §YGeneral§! assigned
Alliance with Spain
The Nationalist victory in the Spanish Civil War has paved the way for a closer relationship between our two countries. The Spanish government holds the key to the Mediterranean.
Boosts diplomatic relations with §YNationalist Spain§!
Danzig for Slovakia
The Poles stand in the way of our plans for Lebensraum. Still, it is not too late to alter our long-term priorities and seek their friendship instead. The only possible way this could come about is through a trade of territory; Danzig for Slovakia. Poland has already shown some interest in the region by occupying Zaolzie.
Befriend Poland
Although Poland no longer has access to the sea, we have proved our good intentions by giving them Slovakia. Perhaps we can bring them even closer to us by making vague promises of future territorial gains in the east.
War with France
Now that Germany has found a satisfactory solution to the question of her eastern border for the moment, it is time to turn our attention westward. The loss of Alsace-Lorraine is a stain on the honour of the German people and only through a just and righteous war can we avenge this.
Claims on French territory
Kriegsmarine Kommando (OKM)
The Anglo-German Naval Agreement we secured in 1935 allows us to expand our navy greatly. We should spare no expense in doing so.
Complete Schiffbauersatzplan
The Schiffbauersatzplan (\"Replacement ship construction program\") was a plan approved by the Reichstag in 1932. The program called for two separate production phases, the first from 1930 to 1936, and the second from 1936 to 1943. The latter phase was secretly intended to break the Versailles restrictions.
Kriegsmarine Luftdienst
Kriegsmarine Luftdienst
Akagi Blueprints
A Luftwaffe officer, a naval officer, and a constructor visited Japan in the autumn of 1935 to obtain flight deck equipment blueprints and inspect the Japanese aircraft carrier Akagi. The Germans also unsuccessfully attempted to examine the British carrier HMS Furious. Let’s put those Blueprints to use!
Plan Z
Plan Z was the name given to the planned re-equipment and expansion of the Kriegsmarine ordered by Adolf Hitler in early 1939. The fleet was meant to challenge the naval power of the United Kingdom, and was to be completed by 1948. Development of the plan began in 1938, but it reflected the evolution of the strategic thinking of the Oberkommando der Marine over the two decades following World War I.
Naval Expansion Plans
Raeder believed that Britain could be more easily defeated through the surface raider strategy he favored. The initial version of his plan was based on the assumption that the fleet should be centered on panzerschiffe, long-range cruisers, and U-boats to attack British commerce. These forces would tie down British naval power and allow a smaller number of battleships to operate in the North Sea. This first draft was called Plan X; a pared-down revision was renamed Plan Y, and the final version presented to Hitler was Plan Z.
U-Boat Effort
Commodore Dönitz advocates a strategy of unrestricted submarine warfare as the best way of bringing Britain to its knees. With enough U-boats, we might be able to starve the British home industries of all the required resources from its far-flung empire.
Trade Interdiction
Our dockyards are committed to churning out U-boats, but we need to develop better ways of utilizing these 'wolf packs'. Give the admirals everything they need to conduct their simulations and war games...
U-Boat Pens
By the opening of the Second World War, plans for proper U-boat bunkers complete with protection for dockyard facilities were already laid out well in advance. The objective was not only to protect the boats from air attacks, but also to enable minor repairs to be carried out without interruption from air raids. However, with the fall of France and the occupation of Norway, new U-boat bases were made available which were much more strategically advantageous due to their proximity to the Atlantic. Construction priorities then shifted from bunkers in Germany to those in the occupied countries. There were also plans for building complete bunkered shipyards, fully equipped and self-sufficient with dry docks for major repairs and construction, but there were always other more pressing or urgent needs that these never saw fruition. Plans for the construction of bunkers as far away as the Mediterranean and the Black Sea were also conceived, but these too never took place.
Befriend Denmark
Gunboat diplomacy is not dead yet. Our naval expansion plans are well known to our little northern neighbour. In combination with their fear of our vastly superior armies, it should be easy enough to intimidate them into our sphere of influence.
Befriend Norway
Norway controls much of the precious iron exports from the vast mines in northern Sweden. We should intimidate them into 'friendship' with the threat of our expanding navy.
Befriend the Netherlands
The Dutch know full well how long they will last in the case of another Great War. If they can be convinced that Germany can seriously threaten Britain itself, it is possible they might choose alliance with us to avoid a harsh occupation.
Befriend Sweden
The Scandinavian countries are like dominoes; they stand and fall together. With Norway and Denmark in our sphere, Sweden will surely follow.
A Nation Reborn
With the capital cities of the victors of the Great War in our hands we can finally cast off the shadow of our defeat. A new age is dawning for Germany!
We, or our Faction members, must control London and Paris and the states they reside in.
§R[This.GetName] must approve of the agreement for bonuses to take effect.§!\n
§RThe following effects will occur when we finish our current§! §YNational Focus§!:\n

Balkan Dominance
The time of French supremacy on the Balkans has ended now
Road and Bridge Building
Bulgaria currently suffers from a lack of usable rail and road networks, with the aid of our engineers we can ensure supply for any troops we may need to station there
Balkan Dominance
The Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye saw many historical Austrian territories passed out to successor states. With Austria once again united with the German nation it is time to end these injustices. The historical provinces of Carniola and Styria, which are now known as Slovenia, must be brought home.
Split up Yugoslavia
The hypocritical western powers preached national self-determination while handing over many minorities to be ruled by the Serbs. We are able to right that historic wrong and make friends at the same time. To those who wish to side with us in the European order we can be very generous.
Set up Puppets
The Yugoslav state was always an artificial construct, and central authority has started to collapse. We must step in to restore order. The only question we face is what would be the best way to do this.
Second Ljubljana Award
Event gives the possibility to demand land for [Root.GetName] or a worthy ally.
With the Yugoslav question solved it is time to turn our attention to Greece. They too have been unjustly aggrandized by the Allies. It is time to see who our friends really are.
War with Greece
With Greece already at war, it would be a shame for Germany to miss out on a base in the Eastern Mediterranean.
Fate of Greece
Greece has proven that it cannot cope with the new forces unleashed upon Europe. It is time to offer them the protection that only Germany can provide.
Operation Weserübung
Norway is a critical strategic point and would be an obvious point of attack for any enemy wanting to disrupt our steel trade with Sweden. We cannot risk our enemies setting up bases in this region. To obtain a good staging area for the invasion of Norway we need to move on Denmark first.
Around Maginot
If we want to ensure a tactical advantage against France we need to be able to hit them from all sides. They will not expect an attack from the North, which is exactly where we will hit them from, once we've disposed of a few obstacles.
Take Danzig in exchange for support
Poland is in a civil war and one of the following must be true\n      Germany has sent volunteers to support one side\n      One side is in a faction with Germany
is not in a faction, or is in a faction at peace with [GER.GetNameDef].
Reassert Elsass-\nLothringen Claims
In 1919, the region of Elsass-Lothringen was stripped away from Germany with the Treaty of Versailles. This important mining and industrial area was forcibly ceded to France. Now that we are back in control of this critical German territory, let us formally re-incorporate it into the German Reich!
Germany Reasserted Alsace-Lorraine Claims
Wehrmacht Expansion
Heinz Guderian and other radical theorists are pushing for daring new doctrines emphasizing communication, identification of 'schwerpunkts' and local concentrations of combined arms forces. Giving them free rein might help avoid the meat grinder horrors of the Great War.
Wehrmacht Expansion
The lessons learned at our facilities in the USSR will allow us to further improve our doctrines and equipment. However, this time we will keep the advances to ourselves!
Kampfgruppen
Our experience shows that combined-arms warfare is the way of the future. If we apply the Prussian doctrine of mission command to combined-arms warfare, our military can increase efficiency and effectiveness by forming 'Kampfgruppes', ad hoc military formations designed to complete a specific task.
Division Artilleries 
The Treaty of Versailles sought to limit Germany's field artillery to just 284 pieces in total, but this laughable restriction is no obstacle to the Reich now. A powerful Germany needs a powerful Heer, and a powerful Heer needs powerful guns!
Artillery Korps
The Treaty of Versailles sought to limit Germany's field artillery to just 284 pieces in total, but this laughable restriction is no obstacle to the Reich now. A powerful Germany needs a powerful Heer, and a powerful Heer needs powerful guns!
Heavy Artillery Korps
The Treaty of Versailles sought to limit Germany's field artillery to just 284 pieces in total, but this laughable restriction is no obstacle to the Reich now. A powerful Germany needs a powerful Heer, and a powerful Heer needs powerful guns!
Infantry Tactics
Infantry tactics have come a long way since the Great War. If we apply the General Staff's recent advancements in military thought to real-life experiences, the backbone of the Wehrmacht may become more unshakeable than ever before.
Heer Doctrines/Tactics
In recent years, the German army has ballooned in size. While quantity has a quality all its own, the Heer must be a well-disciplined force with cutting-edge tactics if Germany is to triumph in battle. We should put our experienced General Staff to work on this endeavour.
Pz VI 'Tiger' Research
The General Staff believes that tanks with thick armor and massive guns can be devastating when used properly on the offensive. They can also be used to provide heavy fire support when the Wehrmacht are on the defensive, but surely that day will never come.
Pz VI 'Königstiger' Research

Pz V 'Panther' Research

Pz IIIe Research (Medium Armor)
The Pz II have proven too thin-skinned to do their jobs as armor, but not manoeuvrable enough to fully replace cavalry. The next generation of tanks must have tougher armor and more powerful armaments, even if there is a slight cost in speed.
Pz IVe Research (Medium Armor)
The Pz II have proven too thin-skinned to do their jobs as armor, but not manoeuvrable enough to fully replace cavalry. The next generation of tanks must have tougher armor and more powerful armaments, even if there is a slight cost in speed.
Pz IIIj Research (Medium Armor)
Research and Design the next generation of Pz III medium tanks
Pz IVg Research (Medium Armor)
Research and Design the next generation of Pz IV medium tanks
Pz IIIm Research (Medium Armor)
Research and Design the next generation of Pz III medium tanks
Pz IVh Research (Medium Armor)
Research and Design the next generation of Pz IV medium tanks
Pz II Research (Light Armor)
In theory, it is possible for divisions with fast, lightly-armored vehicles to replace obsolete cavalry units. We just need to develop the required vehicles first...
Lt TD/Sp-Art Research

Med TD/Sp-Art/Stugs Research

Hv TD/Sp-Art Research

\nUnlock £tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! for §CLand Doctrine§!, §CAir Doctrine§! and §CNaval Doctrine§! after §YWehrmacht Kommando (OKH)§!, §YLuftwaffe Kommando (OKL)§! and §YKriegsmarine Kommando (OKM)§! are all completed.
Wehrmacht Kommando (OKH)
The Treaty of Versailles once limited the German army to a mere 100,000 men, but we have covertly circumvented this limit for over a decade. In 1935, Hitler openly announced that the Reich would re-introduce conscription and quintuple the size of its army. To shed the memory of the weak Reichswehr of the Weimar period, this grand military force was christened with a new name - the Wehrmacht.
Inf.-Rgt. Gross Deutschland
In the months leading up to World War II, while the rest of the Wehrmacht Heer marched into The Saarland, Austria and Czechoslovakia, the men of Wach Regiment Berlin marched up and down Unter den Linden Strasse every Sunday. However, they were not to stay out of the front lines for long. In the first week of 1939, Hitler ordered that the Wach Regiment be renamed Infanterie-Regiment Großdeutschland. The unit was now a permanent cadre, and unlike other regiments of the German Army (which were raised from a region), the recruits of the Großdeutschland were to be drawn from across the nation. The unit was officially activated on 14 June 1939, and the occasion was marked by a parade through the streets of the capital. The regiment was being reorganized in September 1939, and did not take part in Fall Weiss (the invasion of Poland), a fact that dented the pride of the regiment which bore the name of the nation on their sleeves. However, in May 1940, the Regiment was attached to Generalfeldmarschall Ewald von Kleist's Panzergruppe Kleist and saw combat from the beginning of Fall Gelb, the invasion of the West, on 10 May 1940.
Achtung - Panzer!
'Achtung - Panzer!' is a book written by Heinz Guderian. Evaluating the development and use of the first tanks during the Great War, Guderian argues that traditional cavalry should be replaced with mechanized infantry, and that the use of armored vehicles will play a key role in the use of 'mobile' warfare tactics.
Establish The Afrika Korps
The Italians are Losing in Africa. We need to help them in Africa.
Construct Devil's Gardens
With this supply best offense is defence.
Promote Rommel
For Erwin Rommel's current success in Africa we need to promote him.
Protectionzone in Slovakia
Schutzzone in der Slovakei
German - Soviet Credit Agreement
German - Soviet Credit Agreement
Build up Norwegian Airbases
Build up Norwegian Airbases
Pressure Sweden
Pressure Sweden
Secure Romanian Oil Supply
Secure Romanian Oil Supply
Reichskommisariat Ukraine
Reichskommisariat Ukraine
Reichskommisariat Moskowien
Reichskommisariat Moskowien
Reichskommisariat Ostland
Reichskommisariat Ostland
Wehrmacht-Einheitskanister
First developed by the Müller engineering firm in Schwelm to a design by their chief engineer Vinzenz Grünvogel. Among others, the Wehrmacht had specified that a soldier should be able to carry either two full containers or four empty ones, which is the reason the triple handles were fitted. To achieve the required filling and draining speed, it was fitted with a large spout and flip top closure. A hole in the closure retainer made it possible to fit a securing pin or wire with a lead seal. The rectangular shape made it stackable. The recessed welded seam stiffened the container and protected the seam from impact damage. The indentations ensured a full can would not be severely damaged when falling from a vehicle, while a dip coat of paint on the inside protected it from corrosion.
Osttruppen
Loads weak Osttruppen Divisions.
Schutzstaffel Waffen SS
The Schutzstaffel, or 'SS', is a paramilitary group that directly serves Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. What began as a simple security detachment for NSDAP meetings has grown under the leadership of Heinrich Himmler into a powerful and feared organization.
Historical Waffen SS

SS-Verfugungstruppe Division

SS-Division Totenkopf (mot)
SS-Polizei Division
SS-Division Das Reich (mot)
SS-Division Wiking (mot)
SS-Division LSSAH (mot)





Waffen-SS Expansion

Gesetz Hitlerjugend (Hitler Youth Law)
By December 1936, Hitler Youth membership had reached over five million. That same month, membership became mandatory for 'Aryans', under the Gesetz über die Hitlerjugend (Hitler Youth Law). This legal obligation was reaffirmed in March 1939 with the Jugenddienstpflicht (Youth Service Duty), which conscripted all German youths into the Hitler Youth — even if the parents objected. Parents who refused to allow their children to join were subject to an investigation by the authorities. From then on, the vast majority of Germany's teenagers belonged to the Hitler Youth. By 1940, it had eight million members. \nGain a bonus to Unity, Political Power, and Fascist Support.
Hitler Youth Auxiliary Force
On 1 May 1940, Artur Axmann was appointed deputy to Schirach, whom he succeeded as Reichsjugendführer of the Hitler Youth on 8 August 1940. Axmann began to reform the group into an auxiliary force which could perform war duties. The Hitler Youth became active in German fire brigades and assisted with recovery efforts to German cities affected from Allied bombing. The Hitler Youth also assisted in such organisations as the Reich postal service, the Reich railroad services, and other government offices, members of the HJ also aided the army and served with anti-aircraft defence crews.
Hitler Youth Military Reserves
By 1943, Nazi leaders began turning the Hitler Youth into a military reserve to replace manpower which had been depleted due to tremendous military losses. The idea for a Waffen-SS division made up of Hitler Youth members was first proposed by Axmann to Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler in early 1943. The plan for a combat division made up of Hitler Youth members born in 1926 was passed on to Hitler for his approval. Hitler approved the plan in February and Gottlob Berger was tasked with recruiting. Fritz Witt of SS Division Leibstandarte (LSSAH) was appointed divisional commander.
£tech_mod SS-Junkerschule Bad Tölz
In order to professionalize the members of the SS, the first leadership school was created in 1934 at Bad Tölz in Bavaria and in Braunschweig in 1935. The first school was commanded by SS-Standartenführer Paul Lettow and the second school was commanded by SS-Oberführer Paul Hausser. In 1937, the schools were rechristened to Junker Schools in honor of the Prussian aristocracy. The primary purpose of the schools was to help instill German forces with proper national socialism worldview and attitude.
SS-Junkerschule Klagenfurt
With the expansion of the Waffen SS, it has come time to create additional Junker Schools to train members. Additional schools were founded in Klagenfurt and Posen-Treskau in 1943 and Prague in 1944. 
Foreign SS units recruitment
Himmler initially in 1934 set stringent requirements for recruits. They were to be German nationals who could prove their Aryan ancestry back to 1800, unmarried, and without a criminal record. Recruits had to be between the ages of 17 and 23, at least 1.74 metres (5 ft 9 in) tall (1.78 metres (5 ft 10 in) for the Leibstandarte). Recruits were required to have perfect teeth and eyesight and provide a medical certificate. By 1938 the height restrictions were relaxed, up to six dental fillings were permitted, and eyeglasses for astigmatism and mild vision correction were allowed.
Ahistorical SS

LSSAH-1939

Das Reich-1940
The 2. SS Panzer Division "Das Reich" was one of 38 divisions of the Waffen-SS of Nazi Germany during World War II. Das Reich served during the invasion of France and took part in several major battles on the Eastern Front, including in the Battle of Prokhorovka against the 5th Guards Tank Army at the Battle of Kursk. It was then transferred to the West and took part in the fighting in Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge, ending the war in Hungary and Austria. Das Reich committed the Oradour-sur-Glane and Tulle massacres.
Wiking-1940
The 5. SS Panzer Division Wiking was an elite Panzer division among the thirty-eight Waffen-SS divisions of Nazi Germany. It was recruited from foreign volunteers in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Estonia, the Netherlands and Belgium under the command of German officers. During World War II, the division served on the Eastern Front during World War II. It surrendered in May 1945 to the American forces in Austria.
Totenkopf-1941

SS Kavallerie-Brigade

1.SS Infanterie-Brigade
The 1. SS Infantry Brigade was a unit of the German Waffen SS formed from former concentration camp guards for service in the Soviet Union behind the main front line during the Second World War. They conducted Nazi security warfare in the rear of the advancing German troops and took part in the Holocaust. The unit also filled gaps in the front line when called upon in emergencies. In 1944, the brigade was used as the cadre in the formation of the SS Division Horst Wessel.
2.SS Infanterie-Brigade(mot.)
The 2. SS Infantry Brigade (mot.) was formed on the 15 May 1941, under the command of Karl Fischer von Treuenfeld with the 4th and 5th SS Infantry (formerly Totenkopf) Regiments and began its operational service in September in the Army Group North Rear Area, under which command it would spend its entire existence. It gradually began to incorporate foreign legions of the SS under its operational control. After the western legions departed for refit, it began operating with Latvian volunteer formations and eventually was redesignated the 2nd Latvian SS Infantry Brigade and on the 18 May 1943, and used as the cadre in the formation of the Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian) in January 1944.
SS-Brigade Schuldt
SS Brigade Schuldt was a formation of the Waffen SS during World War II. It was named after its commander Brigadeführer Hinrich Schuldt. It served on the Eastern Front and was composed of units drawn from the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler, Das Reich, Polizei Divisions and a detachment from the Luftwaffe.
SS Fre.Geb.-Div.'Prinz Eugen'
7.SS Fre.Geb.-Div.'Prinz Eugen'
The 7. SS-Freiwilligen Gebirgs-Division "Prinz Eugen" was a German mountain infantry division of the Waffen-SS during World War II. It served only in occupied Yugoslavia. The Waffen-SS was the armed wing of the German Nazi Party that served alongside but was never formally part of the Wehrmacht. Formed in 1941 from both Germans and Volksdeutsche (ethnic German) volunteers and conscripts from the Banat, Independent State of Croatia (NDH), Hungary and Romania, the division fought a counter-insurgency campaign against communist-led Yugoslav Partisan resistance forces in the German-occupied territories of Serbia and Montenegro, and in the NDH. It was given the title Prinz Eugen after Prince Eugene of Savoy, an outstanding military leader of the Habsburg Empire who liberated the Banat and Belgrade from the Ottoman Empire in the Austro-Turkish War of 1716–18. It was initially named the SS-Freiwilligen-Division Prinz Eugen.
Fre-korps der SS 'Serbis'

Waffen-Sturm-Brig. der SS 'RONA'
29. Waffen-SS Grenadier Division 'RONA' (1st Russian)(also known as the Waffen-Sturm-Brigade der SS RONA, and Kaminski Brigade) was a collaborationist formation composed of Soviet nationals from the territory of the Lokot Autonomy in Axis-occupied areas of the RSFSR in the Soviet Union during the German–Soviet War of 1941 until 1945. It was founded in late 1941 as auxiliary police with 200 personnel. By mid-1943 it had grown to 10,000-12,000 men, equipped with captured Soviet tanks and artillery. Bronislav Kaminski, the unit's leader, named it the Russian National Liberation Army (Russian 'Русская освободительная народная армия (РОНА)', romanized 'Russkaya Osvoboditelnaya Narodnaya Armiya', (RONA)).
9.SS-Pz.-Div.'Hohenstaufen'

10.SS-Pz.-Div.'Frundsberg'

12.SS-Pz.-Div.'Hitlerjugend'

16.SS-PzG.-Div.'Reichsführer-SS'

17.SS-PzG.-Div.'Götz von Berlichingen'

11.SS-Fre-PzG.-Div'Nordland'

13.Waffen-Geb.-Div.der SS'Handschar'

14.Waffen.Gr.-Div.der SS

15.Waffen.Gr.-Div.der SS

18.SS-Fre.PzG.-Div.'Horst Wessel'

19.Waffen.Gr.-Div.der SS

20.Waffen.Gr.-Div.der SS

21.Waffen.Geb.-Div.der SS'Skanderbeg'

22.Fre.Kav.-Div.'Maria Theresia'

23.Waffen.Geb.-Div.'Kama'

SS-Regiment 'Ney'

24.Waffen.Geb.-Div.der SS'Karstjager'

25.Waffen.Gr.-Div.der SS'Hunyadi'

26.Waffen.Gr.-Div.der SS

27.SS-Fre.Gr.-Div.'Langemarck'

28.SS-Fre.Gr.-Div.'Wallonien'

30.Waffen.Gr.Div.der SS

Waffen-Gr-SS-Regt.'bulgaris'

31.SS-Fre.Gr.Division

Waffen Verband der SS'Ostturkis'

Waffen Verband der SS'Kaukasien'

Waffen-Gr-SS-Regt.'Rumänis'

33.Waffen.Gr.Div.'Charlemagne'

34.Fre.Gr.Div.'Landstorm Nederland'

37.SS-Fre.Kav.Div.'Lutzow'

29.Waffen.Gr.Div.der SS

Fre.PzG.Div.'Nederland'

1.Ungarisches SS-Sturmjäger Rgt

36.Waffen.Gr.Div.der SS

35.Polizei.Gr.Div.der SS

32.Fre.Gr.Div.der SS '30.Januar'

38.SS-Gr-Div 'Nibelungen'

Deploy Enigma I's to the Wehrmacht
The major difference between Enigma I and commercial Enigma models was the addition of a plugboard to swap pairs of letters, greatly increasing cryptographic strength. Other differences included the use of a fixed reflector and the relocation of the stepping notches from the rotor body to the movable letter rings. The machine measured 28 cm × 34 cm × 15 cm (11.0 in × 13.4 in × 5.9 in) and weighed around 12 kg (26 lb).
Add 2 extra Rotors
In December 1938, the Army issued two extra rotors so that the three rotors were chosen from a set of five.
Deploy the M4
A four-rotor Enigma was introduced by the Navy for U-boat traffic on 1 February 1942, called M4 (the network was known as Triton, or Shark to the Allies). The extra rotor was fitted in the same space by splitting the reflector into a combination of a thin reflector and a thin fourth rotor.
Share Enigma devices with Japan
Western Knowledge
With so much of Europe under the control of the Reich, we have a vast repository of knowledge to draw upon. Both via scientific institutions and captured weapons/blueprints.
Foreign SS units recruitment
With the continuous expansion of Germany into Europe and the restriction imposed by the Heer, the Waffen-SS must look towards the Volksdeutsche populations for recruitment.
Nazi Party Secret Projects
The strange, the twisted, and the downright evil secret projects and obsessions of Hitler and his henchmen! Bwahahaawahhhaaa !!!
Himmler's Occult Quests
Himmler began his career as an agriculturalist leading him to stress the importance of the myth of \"Blood and Soil\" as well as the necessity of Lebensreform. Himmler was also involved in astrology, spiritualism, and herbalism. Himmler commissioned a special bureau of SS archaeology, which sought to rediscover lost Aryan civilizations. Karl Maria Wiligut served an important role as an occultist for Himmler's SS. In addition, Himmler sought out Wewelsburg castle as the spiritual centre of the SS order.
Project Riese
The code name for a construction project of Nazi Germany in 1943–1945, consisting of seven underground structures located in the Owl Mountains and Książ Castle in Lower Silesia, previously Germany, now a territory of Poland. None of them were finished; all are in different states of completion with only a small percentage of tunnels reinforced by concrete. The purpose of the project remains uncertain because of the lack of documentation. Some sources suggest that all the structures were part of the Führer Headquarters, according to others, it was a combination of headquarters and arms industry but comparison to similar facilities can indicate that only the castle was adapted as an HQ or other official residence and the tunnels in the Owl Mountains were planned as a network of underground factories.
Ksiaz Castle
The works in the castle were extensive and led to the destruction of many decorative elements. New staircase and elevator shafts were built to improve emergency evacuation routes. The most serious work however took place below the castle. There are two levels of tunnels. The first is 15 m underground and was accessible from the castle by a lift and a staircase and by an entrance from the gardens. The tunnel is reinforced by concrete and leads to an elevator shaft hidden 15 m under the courtyard, the direct way from the castle to the main underground complex.  A provisional, short tunnel from the gardens was bored to assist in its excavation. The second level of underground (is 53 m under the courtyard. Four tunnels were bored into the base of the hill. The complex contains large tunnels and four chambers. Seventy-five per cent is reinforced by concrete. There are two additional shafts leading to the surface, presently used to supply electricity. Above ground are foundations of buildings and machinery, two reservoirs of water, a pumping station, and remains of a sewage treatment plant. The narrow-gauge railway connecting the tunnels with the railway siding in the village of Lubiechów was dismantled after the war
Complex Rzeczka
The complex is located on a borderline between the villages of Rzeczka and Walim, inside Ostra Mountain. Three tunnels were bored into the base of the mountain. The structure contains a nearly completed guardroom and large underground halls, up to 10 m in height. The total length of the tunnels is 500m eleven per cent is reinforced by concrete. Above ground are foundations of machinery and a concrete bridge. The second bridge was damaged and replaced by a footbridge. A narrow-gauge railway, used for transportation of spoil to a nearby heap, was dismantled after the war.
Complex Wlodarz
The complex is located inside Włodarz Mountain. It is a grid of tunnels and large underground halls, up to 12 m in height. Less than one per cent is reinforced by concrete. It was accessible by four tunnels bored into the base of the mountain with chambers for guardrooms. There is a shaft leading to the surface with diameter 4 m . Some tunnels have higher, second levels connected by small shafts. This is a stage of building underground halls. Two tunnels were bored, one over the other and then the ceiling was collapsed to create large space. Some parts of the complex are flooded but accessible by boat. Above ground are foundations of machinery, numerous unfinished or destroyed buildings, a bunker, two reservoirs of water, and depots of building materials including thousands of fossilized bags of cement. The network of narrow gauge railways, connecting the tunnels with the railway siding in the village of Olszyniec, was disassembled and scrapped after the war
Complex Osowka
The complex is located inside Osówka Mountain. It is accessible by tunnel number 1 with chambers for guardrooms and tunnel number 2 , bored 10 m below the level of the main underground, with guardrooms close to completion. Behind them there is a connection of two levels created by the collapse of the ceiling. The structure is a grid of tunnels and underground halls, up to 8 m in height. Only 6.9% is reinforced by concrete. There is a shaft leading to the surface with a diameter of 6 m. Tunnel number 3 is not connected to the complex. It is 500 m away and 45 m below the main underground. It contains two dams and hydraulic equipment of an unknown purpose. Above ground are foundations of buildings, machinery, a ramp for transportation of mine cars to different levels, a reservoir of water and depots, some with systems of heating up building materials in winter. The largest structure is a single-storey, concrete building with walls 0.5 m thick and roof adapted for camouflage by vegetation. A utility tunnel was under construction to connect it with the shaft. Another structure of unknown purpose is a concrete monolith with tens of pipes, drains and culverts, buried into the rock at least 4.5 m. A narrow-gauge railway network connected the tunnels with the railway station in the village of Głuszyca Górna
Complex Sokolec
The complex is located near the village of Sokolec, inside Gontowa Mountain. It consists of two underground structures on different levels. Tunnels number 1 and 2, with chambers for guardrooms, lead to the underground up to 5 m in height. It is collapsed in many places because the complex was bored in soft sandstone. In 2011 excavation of tunnel number 3 (145 m) has begun, inaccessible since the end of war because of its collapsed entrance. It is 600 m away and 60 m below tunnels number 1 and 2 . Tunnel number 4 was opened in 1994, one of only two short tunnels which were found with mining equipment from 1945. It is located 250 m from tunnel number 3, on the same level but not connected. The total length of the complex is 1,090 m. It is not reinforced by concrete. Above ground are foundations of buildings, machinery and two ramps for transportation of mine cars to different levels. A retaining wall was built to secure a new road. A narrow-gauge railway connected the tunnels with the railway siding in the village of Ludwikowice Kłodzkie
Complex Jugowice
The complex is in the village of Jugowice, inside Dział Jawornicki Mountain. Tunnels number 2 and 4 leads to a small underground level. There is a shaft with a diameter of 0.5 m – 0.6 m near the complex but not connected to it. Tunnel number 6 is collapsed 37 m from the entrance and has not been explored yet. It was closed by two steel doors 7 m apart. The rest of the tunnels are in the initial stage of construction. The total length of the structure is 460 m. Less than one per cent is reinforced by concrete. Above ground are foundations of buildings, machinery, a pumping station, and a reservoir of water. A narrow-gauge railway connected the tunnels with the railway siding in the village of Olszyniec.
Complex Sobon
The complex is located inside Soboń Mountain and is accessible by tunnels number 1 and 2. Tunnel number 3 is not connected to the main underground. It is collapsed in its initial part on the length of 83 m. In 2013 it was explored when a shaft was dug from above, revealing 86 m of tunnel with mining equipment from 1945. The total length of the complex is 700 m. Less than one per cent is reinforced by concrete. Above ground are foundations of machinery and a pumping station, a reservoir of water, depots of building materials, numerous unfinished or destroyed buildings, a bunker, and earthworks carried out on a massive scale. A narrow-gauge railway network connected the tunnels with the railway station in the village of Głuszyca Górna
Ahnenerbe Studies
Was a project in Nazi Germany to research the archaeological and cultural history of the Aryan race. Founded on July 1, 1935, by Heinrich Himmler, Herman Wirth, and Richard Walther Darré, the Ahnenerbe group later conducted experiments and launched expeditions to prove that mythological Nordic populations had once ruled the world. Originally, the official mission of Ahnenerbe was to find new evidence of the racial heritage of the Germanic people; however, due to Himmler's obsession with occultism it quickly became his own occult tool and started using pseudoscience. The group was formerly called the Study Society for Primordial Intellectual history, German Ancestral Heritage (Studiengesellschaft fur Geistesurgeschichte‚ Deutsches Ahnenerbe), but it was renamed in 1937 as the Research and Teaching Community of the Ancestral Heritage (Forschungs- und Lehrgemeinschaft des Ahnenerbe).
Wewelsburg Castle
Wewelsburg, the castle headquarters of the SS, was the site of initiation rituals for SS 'knights' that were modelled on Arthurian legend. The magical powers of runes were invoked, and the Ahnenerbe logo sports rune-style lettering. Psychics and astrologers were employed to attack the enemy and plan tactics based on the alignment of the stars.
Die Glocke
Allegedly an experiment carried out by Third Reich scientists working for the SS in a German facility known as Der Riese (The Giant) near the Wenceslaus mine and close to the Czech border, Die Glocke is a device 'made out of a hard, heavy metal' approximately 2.7 metres wide and 3.7 to 4.6 metres high, having a shape like that of a large bell. According to an interview of Witkowski by Cook, this device ostensibly contained two counter-rotating cylinders which would be 'filled with a mercury-like substance, violet in colour'. This metallic liquid was code-named 'Xerum 525' and was 'stored in a tall thin thermos flask a meter high encased in lead'. Additional substances said to be employed in the experiments, referred to as Leichtmetall (light metal), 'included thorium and beryllium peroxides'. Witkowski describes Die Glocke, when activated, as having an effect zone extending out 150 to 200 metres. Within the zone, crystals would form in animal tissue, blood would gel & separate while plants would decompose into a grease like substance. Witkowski also said that five of the seven original scientists working on the project died during the tests. Based upon certain external indications, Witkowski states that the ruins of a concrete framework, aesthetically dubbed 'The Henge', near the Wenceslas mine, some 3.1 kilometres southeast of the main Complex Sokolec underground works of Project Riese, may have once served as a test rig for an experiment in 'anti-gravity propulsion' generated with Die Glocke. However, the derelict structure itself has also been interpreted to resemble the remains of a conventional industrial cooling tower. Witkowski’s statements along with Cook’s views prompted further conjecture about the device from various American authors, including Joseph P. Farrell, Jim Marrs, and Henry Stevens. In his book, Hitler's Suppressed and Still-Secret Weapons, Science and Technology (2007), Stevens concludes that the violet mercury-like substance described by Witkowski could only be red mercury because normal mercury 'has no fluid compounds according to conventional wisdom'. Stevens presents a story attributed to German scientist Otto Cerny as told to then 13-year-old Greg Rowe around 1961 which alleged that a concave mirror on top of a device which seemed similar in description to Die Glocke provided the ability to see 'images from the past during its operation.'
Angora Project
The Angora rabbit project was a Nazi SS project for breeding Angora rabbits.  The rabbits were raised for their soft, warm fur, which was shaved and used for, among other things, the linings of jackets for Luftwaffe pilots. Himmler had given speeches bragging that 'We Germans are the only people in the world who have a decent attitude towards animals.' 
Blondi
was Adolf Hitler's German Shepherd, a gift as a puppy from Martin Bormann in 1941. Blondi stayed with Hitler even after his move into the Führerbunker located underneath the garden of the Reich Chancellery on 16 January 1945. Blondi played a role in Nazi propaganda by portraying Hitler as an animal lover. Dogs like Blondi were coveted as 'germanischer Urhunde', being close to the wolf, and became very fashionable during the Nazi era.
The Perfect Horse
Gustav Rau planned to use the science of selective breeding to erase the individual differences characterizing the several strains of purebred Lipizzaner that had emerged since the end of World War I and replace them with a single mould: pure white, imperial, identical, and ideally suited for military use. Like Hitler himself, the horses, once quintessentially Austrian, would be given a distinctly German stamp.
Göring's Art Collection
Hermann Göring’s personal art log is a twisted treasure map, a guide to looting and pillaging and gift-giving among the Nazi brass, and a tracking mechanism for the Nazi occupation of Europe. It has long been known that Göring was among the most zealous of Nazi art collectors: at the end of the war, he packed the booty stored at Carinhall into trains and fled south toward Berchtesgaden, in Bavaria, as he blew up Carinhall behind him. The collection was discovered by Allied soldiers, and, in 1945, the New York Times pegged the worth of the works at two hundred million dollars (part of a slew of breathless American coverage, according to Nancy Yeide, the author of 'Beyond the Dreams of Avarice: The Hermann Göring Collection'). The catalogue of Göring’s art provides a perversely fascinating yardstick for the changing taste of a man known for personal eccentricities as well as horrifying brutality. The emphasis, at first, is on northern European Romanticism, along with the nude female form. But the collection shifts, becomes more expansive, and, occasionally, eschews the Nazi laws on so-called degenerate art to scoop up some of the modern greats. 'I fully admit I had a passion for collection,' Göring said on the witness stand at Nuremberg, with a 'vulpine' smile, according to Janet Flanner, who reported from the trial for The New Yorker. 'And if they were to be confiscated, I wanted my small part.'
Goebbels' mass media
The propaganda ministry was organized into seven departments: administration and legality; mass rallies, public health, youth, and race; radio; national and foreign press; films and film censorship; art, music, and theatre; and protection against counter-propaganda, both foreign and domestic. Goebbels' style of leadership was tempestuous and unpredictable. He would suddenly change direction and shift his support between senior associates; he was a difficult boss and liked to berate his staff in public. Goebbels was successful at his job, however; Life wrote in 1938 that 'personally he likes nobody, is liked by nobody, and runs the most efficient Nazi department'
Berghof
The Berghof was Adolf Hitler's home in the Obersalzberg of the Bavarian Alps near Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, Germany. Other than the Wolfsschanze (Wolf's Lair), his headquarters in East Prussia for the invasion of the Soviet Union, Hitler spent more time at the Berghof than anywhere else during World War II. It was also one of the most widely known of his headquarters.
Führerbunker
The Führerbunker was an air-raid shelter located near the Reich Chancellery in Berlin, Germany. It was part of a subterranean bunker complex constructed in two phases which were completed in 1936 and 1944. It was the last of the Führer Headquarters (Führerhauptquartiere) used by Adolf Hitler during World War II. Hitler took up residence in the Führerbunker on 16 January 1945 and it became the centre of the Nazi regime until the last week of World War II in Europe. Hitler married Eva Braun here during the last week of April 1945, shortly before they committed suicide.
Wolfsschanze Führerhauptquartiere
The Wolf's Lair was Adolf Hitler's first Eastern Front military headquarters in World War II. The complex, which became one of several Führerhauptquartiere in various parts of eastern Europe, was built for the start of Operation Barbarossa – the invasion of the Soviet Union – in 1941. It was constructed by Organisation Todt. The top secret, high security site was in the Masurian woods about 8 km east of the small East Prussian town of Rastenburg. Three security zones surrounded the central complex where the Führer's bunker was located. These were guarded by personnel from the SS Reichssicherheitsdienst and the Wehrmacht's armoured Führerbegleitbrigade. Despite the security, the most notable assassination attempt against Hitler was made at the Wolf's Lair on 20 July 1944. Hitler first arrived at the headquarters on 23 June 1941. In total, he spent more than 800 days at the Wolfsschanze during a 3.5-year period until his final departure on 20 November 1944. In mid-1944, work began to enlarge and reinforce many of the Wolf's Lair original buildings. The work was never completed because of the rapid advance of the Red Army during the Baltic Offensive in late 1944. On 25 January 1945, the complex was blown up and abandoned 48 hours before the arrival of Soviet forces.
Tannenberg Führerhauptquartiere
'Tannenberg' was the codename for one of the Führer headquarters through Europe, located near Kniebis in Germany. The complex was built as part of preparations for the German invasion of France. Adolf Hitler took residence here from 27 June to 6 July 1940. In November 1940, the complex was taken over by the Military District Command of Stuttgart and in March 1945 \"Tannenberg\" served as command post of the German army.
Wolfsschlucht I Führerhauptquartiere
Wolfsschlucht I (Wolf's Gorge) was the codename for one of Adolf Hitler's military headquarters, located in a farmhouse of the Belgian village of Brûly-de-Pesche, in the municipality of Couvin, close to the French border. It was occupied by Hitler between 6–24 June 1940 while awaiting the conclusion of the Battle of France.
Wolfsschlucht II Führerhauptquartiere
Wolfsschlucht II (Wolf Canyon) or W2 was the codename used for one of Adolf Hitler's World War II Western Front military headquarters located in Margival, 10 km northeast of Soissons in the department of Aisne in France. It was one of many other Führer Headquarters throughout Europe but was used only one time by Adolf Hitler, June 16 and 17, 1944 for a meeting with Field Marshals Rommel and von Rundstedt about the Normandy Front. At the meeting, Rommel advocated, among other things, for ending the war, to Hitler's fury. During the meeting, an allied air raid forced the group to descend into a bomb shelter. Later, a malfunctioning V-1 flying bomb struck the site, after which Hitler departed for Germany, never to return.
Adlerhorst Führerhauptquartiere
Adlerhorst (Eagle's eyrie) was a World War II bunker complex in Germany, located in the rural area of Langenhain-Ziegenberg, Wiesental Wetterau and Kransberg in the Taunus mountains in the state of Hesse. Designed by Albert Speer as Adolf Hitler's main military command complex, it was reassigned by Hitler in February 1940 to Luftwaffe chief Hermann Göring as his headquarters for the Battle of Britain, serving as Hitler's only during the Dec. 1944- Jan. 1945 Ardennes Offensive.
Anlage Sud Führerhauptquartiere
Anlage Sud was a pair of railway headquarters built for Adolf Hitler in Nazi-occupied part of southern Poland during the Second World War. Two reinforced tunnels were built near the rail line between Rzeszów to Jasło. The first massive train bunker (with adjacent conference bunker) was in the village of Stępina the other one was in the town of Strzyżów. They were initially used for a two-day meeting between Hitler and Italian fascist leader, Benito Mussolini, on 27–28 August 1941.
Felsennest Führerhauptquartiere
At the start of the Western European campaign of 1940, the Felsennest (Rocky Eyrie ) was the codename for one of Hitler's Führer Headquarters near Bad Munstereifel, Germany. It was much more cramped than Adolf Hitler's other field bunkers, having only four rooms. Hitler was at the Felsennest in the autumn of 1939, because there were plans to invade France and the Low Countries. He was there again on May 10, 1940 when the invasion took place.
Kehlsteinhaus
The Kehlsteinhaus (Eagle's Nest) is a Third Reich-era building erected atop the summit of the Kehlstein, a rocky outcrop that rises above the Obersalzberg near the town of Berchtesgaden. It was used exclusively by members of the Nazi Party for government and social meetings. It was visited by Adolf Hitler on a total of 14 documented instances.
Werwolf Führerhauptquartier
Führerhauptquartier Werwolf was the codename used for one of Adolf Hitler's World War II Eastern Front military headquarters located in a pine forest about 12 kilometres north of Vinnytsia, in Ukraine, which was used between 1942 and 1943. It was one of a number of Führer Headquarters throughout Europe, and the most easterly ever used by Hitler in person.
Arctic Weather Base
Known as Schatzgräber, or 'Treasure Hunter', the base was a weather station aimed to support Nazi efforts in the Arctic. The region was a crucial convoy route for Allied troops, with more than 1,000 merchant American, Canadian, French and British ships delivering supplies to the Soviet Union under the Lend-Lease program. Schatzgräber was built to help U-Boats and German patrols hinder and sink these convoys, which it did with a mixed rate of success.
All Submarines:\n    Surface detection: §G+10%§!\n    Raiding Efficiency: §G+10%§!\n    Organization: §G+2§!
Nibelungenwerke (Tank Factory)
The Nibelungen works was the largest and most advanced tank assembly plant of the German Reich. In the plant, which was run by Steyr-Daimler-Puch, over half of all Panzer IV tanks were produced up until the end of World War II. Of the 8500 Panzer IV tanks produced by Germany during the war, around 4800 came from here. Under the German four-year plan, after the annexation of Austria, an armaments centre was created in Linz, which included, among other things, the manufacture of armour plates at the Upper Danube Ironworks for the Nibelungen works which was itself responsible for the final assembly of tanks. The latter resulted from plans from 1939 to build an arms factory at the railway junction town of Saint Valentin for 65 million Reichsmark. The official opening took place in 1942. When completed, the monthly production capacity was intended to be 320 tanks, but this was never achieved. Late in the war (early 1945), the factory was also used in the repair of tanks coming from the frontlines (which were only a few km away at that point). It is estimated that around 50 Panthers were repaired in Nibelungen Works.
Panzertruppenschule
The Panzertruppenschule was a 'branch school', where officer candidates were sent after 12–16 weeks spent in basic training, and having successfully undertaken an 8-week course at a Kriegsschule. Prospective panzer troops in the rank of Fähnrich undertook a 16-week training course which aimed to familiarise the officer candidates with the nuances and workings of a Panzer, and with the tactics to be used when commanding panzers in the field.
§YPanzertruppenschule§! applies the following modifiers to all §YTank Battalions§!;\n  £breakthrough_texticon §WBreakthrough§! §G+10%§!\n  £defence_texticon  §WDefence§! §G+5%§!\n  £attack_texticon  §WSoft Attack§! §G+5%§!\n  £attack_texticon  §WHard Attack§! §G+5%§!.
Panzer Lehr Division
In late 1943, the Panzer schools were stripped of experienced instructors, these cadre along with several elite training and demonstration units, were used to form the Panzer-Lehr-Division. These training and demonstration units were some of the most experienced and highly trained troops in the Panzerwaffe, with almost all having seen combat in the East, North Africa, Sicily or Italy and many having received decorations for bravery. Because of this, Panzer Lehr was considered an elite unit from the time of its formation.
Wehrmacht Führungsamt
Dissolve the Reich War Ministry and replace with the OKW led by devoted General Wilhelm Keitel in the rank of a Reich Minister, with Alfred Jodl as Chief of the Operations Staff.
Wehrmacht Führungsstab
There have been constant grumblings from some of the OKW about the special treatment of the SS. We shall rename the operational orders department and ensure Jodl has a direct line to the Führer.
Decreases OKW anger by 8
The Reichskolonialbund
The Reichskolonialbund or Reich Colonial League was formed in 1936, but its role was to organise plans for occupying German colonies lost in the Great War and new colonies. The organisation managed French and Belgian colonies in Brussels and Paris. In 1943, the organisation was dissolved due to its insignificance later in the war. Should we fund them?
The Reichskolonialbund looks at the Pacific
We have decided to reclaim our lost German colonies in Pacific
Import Tungsten & Antimony from China
To develop the German war machine we require raw materials. Given our relationship with the Chinese, they should be more than happy to supply us with them.
Expand Industry
With the constant supply of resources our industry is making great leaps forward.
Economic Boom
By jointly working together both the Fatherland and China have seen great benefits.
Military Experience
von Falkenhausen has been able to test new weapons and tactics while training the Chinese forces.
Political Influence
With our friendship secured, it's time to show the Chinese a better system of governing.
Operation Lila
Commence Operation Lila with the goal of occupying Toulon and seizing the fleet. Comprised of elements from the 7th Panzer Division and 2nd SS Panzer Division, four combat teams will enter the city around 4:50 AM.
Expand Austrian Oil
We desperately need more oil. With this in mind we should send specialists to Austria to see if we can increase oil extraction from the small but well documented deposits.
Japan will leave the §HAxis Research§! after the war.
Wartime Technology Sharing Program
We share a common goal with the Japanese and therefore it is in our interest to set up a technology sharing program between our nations. But when our goals are achieved...
von Falkenhausen's Return to Duty
We must recall von Falkenhausen to his homeland where he will serve a greater purpose than just teaching some Chinese mods how to handle a gun.
Experience from Sino-German Expedition
Even though China is far away from being as developed as our Reich, we can learn much from their mass army organization. It will surely help our generals to perform huge scale military operations.
Deutsche Arbeitsfront
The German Labour Front (Deutsche Arbeitsfront) is one of the largest national socialist organisations. It was created in 1933 as a means of replacing all previously established labour unions via centralisation to the national socialist government. Headed by Robert Ley, its purpose is to provide benefits to its working class members in the form of high wages, employment security and many leisure programs such as subsidised vacations, free tickets to concerts and so on.
Place §YLand Forts§! along the Dnieper river to the Baltic, in each of the following states that are fully controlled by your faction:\n
§YTartu§!\n§YPskov§!\n§YNevel§!\n§YVitebsk§!\n§YMinsk§!\n§YBobruysk§!\n§YMozyr§!\n§YKiev§!\n§YCherkasy§!\n§YDnipropetrovsk§!\n§YZaporozhe§!\n
§YTartu§!\n§YPskov§!\n§YNevel§!\n§YVitebsk§!\n§YMinsk§!\n§YBobruysk§!\n§YMozyr§!\n§YKyiv§!\n§YCherkasy§!\n§YDnipropetrovsk§!\n§YZaporozhe§!\n
Under control of a member of our faction.\n
Negotiations ongoing
Form the Reichskommissariats
Form the Reichskommissariats of several conquered area's.\n\n§YReichskommissariat Norwegen§!\n§YReichskommissariat Niederlanden§!\n§YReichskommissariat Belgiem-Nordfrankreich§!\n§YReichskommissariat Ostland§!\n§YReichskommissariat Ukraine§!
Reichswerke Hermann Göring
'Reichswerke Hermann Göring' was founded as a response to hesitation from already established German companies to fulfill the Four Year Plan. Consequently, 'Reichswerke Hermann Göring' is to be employed whenever major companies are unwilling to go on state desired business ventures.
Reichsarbeitsdienst
On the 5th of June 1931, Konstantin Hierl became the head of the Freiwilliger Arbeitsdienst (FAD), a state sponsored voluntary labour organization that provided services to civic and agricultural construction projects. On the 11th of July 1934, Hierl renamed it to Reichsarbeitsdienst and in 1935 young Germans were obliged to serve in the RAD. During wartime, its members will serve as excellent auxiliary forces for the Wehrmacht.
Expanded Reichsarbeitsdienst
With a much greater control of Europe, comes a much greater Reichsarbeitsdienst.
This will improve your Reichsarbeitsdienst national spirit.
Road to Autarky
One of the principal aims of the national socialist state is to secure Germany's complete independence from other countries' resources. To that end, the Fatherland's own selection of resources must be expanded.
Deutsche Erdöl AG
German Earth-Oil AG
IG Farben AG
Interessen Gemeinschaft Farbenindustrie AG ('Dye industry syndicate, Inc.'), commonly known as IG Farben, was a German chemical and pharmaceutical conglomerate. Formed in 1925 from a merger of six chemical companies—BASF, Bayer, Hoechst, Agfa, Chemische Fabrik Griesheim-Elektron, and Chemische Fabrik vorm.\nIn its heyday, IG Farben was the largest company in Europe and the largest chemical and pharmaceutical company in the world. IG Farben scientists made fundamental contributions to all areas of chemistry and the pharmaceutical industry. Otto Bayer discovered the polyaddition for the synthesis of polyurethane in 1937, and several company scientists became Nobel laureates: Carl Bosch and Friedrich Bergius in 1931 'for their contributions to the invention and development of chemical high pressure methods', and Gerhard Domagk in 1939 'for the discovery of the antibacterial effects of prontosil'.\nBy the early 1930s it was an NSDAP donor and, after the Nazi takeover of Germany in 1933, a major government contractor, providing significant material for the German war effort.
Coal liquidization
 
We will gain a one-time bonus §Y100§! Fuel from every §YSteel Mill§!, the amount will be shown once we have taken this focus\n Also our steel mills will produce §G18§! £fuel_texticon  per day instead of §G12§! £fuel_texticon 
Synthetic rubber
 
Wirtschaftliche Forschungsgesellschaft
The Wirtschaftliche Forschungsgesellschaft(Economical Research Society) was a company founded as part of the Four Year Plan. Its task was to build fuel depots (Tanklager) as war preparation against a possible embargo.
Fuel Storage
We will need a huge stockpile if we are to have enough to achieve our goals
Expand Coop. Mil<=>Civ Industry
Cooperation between our armament industry and our civilian industry can increase efficiency and help them find synergies. This idea comes from a general named Georg Thomas who has been leading the armament department of the Wehrmacht for some time.
Organisation Todt
The official creation of 'Organisation Todt' dates in 1938, but preliminary work had already been undertaken by that point thanks to the involvement of Fritz Todt, its founder, in various constructions projects including the Autobahn. OT's duties from this point on would include many special construction projects, including military ones such as the Westwall and the Atlantic Wall. Albert Speer would succeed Fritz Todt as OT's leader following the latter's death in 1942.
Mobilize the Reich
In the words of the German foreign minister, 'we no longer demand anything, we want war.' And we've got it.
Augustprogramm
The Augustprogramm was an armament program to increase the strength of the German army.
Strengthen the tank forces
By increasing the quantity of available tanks, we can afford to field more Panzer divisions to defeat Germany's enemies.
Improve Motorisation
Mobility and motorisation go hand in hand in the upcoming war, therefore it would be very useful to increase the number of available motorised elements.
Expand the Opel Werke
Expanding the industrial capability of producing motorized equipement, like trucks or mechanized half-tracks, will be important for the army's mobile forces.
Take over Škoda
With the establishment of the Protektorat Böhmen und Mähren, Germany is free to do as it pleases with the various Czech companies - Škoda included.
Take over CKD
With the establishment of the Protektorat Böhmen und Mähren, Germany is free to do as it pleases with the various Czech companies - CKD included.
Synthetic Oil Refineries
The Reich needs more oil, we cannot rely on the overseas trade to feed the ever growing demands of our military branches.
Synthetic Rubber Refineries
The Reich needs more alternative sources of rubber due to the monopoly of the colonial empires on natural rubber.
Office of Armament and Defence Economy
 
Underground Factories
In order to further hinder enemy bombings of our industry, it would be advisable to start building underground factories.
Underground Factories Bonus
Projekt Riese
Projekt Riese was a project to build a huge underground complex near Breslau in Niederschlesien. One part of the complex was adapted as an HQ or other official residence and the tunnels in the Owl Mountains were planned as a network of underground factories.
£tech_mod Bank of German Aviation
We can found a bank that will invest money into private aeronautics companies to stimulate research in this important field without alerting our enemies directly of our true intentions. Companies can be setup abroad in for example Sweden and the Netherlands to lower suspicion even further.
Expand the Aircraft Factories
We need the strongest aiforce in the world, so we need to spend more resources on it!
Expand Oil Exploitation in Bohemia
We have oil desposits in our backyard that we should put to use!
Reorganize our industry
We can organize our industry in a more efficient way!
Avenge Versailles
With the defeat of France, the events of the traitorous November 1918 are avenged. Our forefathers can now, finally, rest peacefully.
Sonderkraftfahrzeug
The Sonderkraftfahrzeug (SdKfz) 251 is the world's first armoured personnel carrier (APC) and one of the most important AFVs of the German army. Thanks to its sound design, we will later be able to specialise its usefulness into specific roles that will dramatically increase the performance of armoured and mechanised units.
Storage buildings
Due to the expansion of the synthetic industries Germany needs more storage for raw materials, especially for synthetic resources like synthetic rubber and synthetic oil.
Begin Carrier Building Program

New Carrier Designs

Order Graf Zeppelin
The German aircraft carrier Graf Zeppelin was the lead ship in a class of two carriers of the same name ordered by the Kriegsmarine of Nazi Germany. She was the only aircraft carrier launched by Germany and represented part of the Kriegsmarine's attempt to create a well-balanced oceangoing fleet, capable of projecting German naval power far beyond the narrow confines of the Baltic and North Seas. The carrier would have had a complement of 42 fighters and dive bombers. Construction on Graf Zeppelin began on 28 December 1936, when her keel was laid down at the Deutsche Werke shipyard in Kiel. Named in honor of Graf (Count) Ferdinand von Zeppelin, the ship was launched on 8 December 1938, and was 85% complete by the outbreak of World War II in September 1939.
Order Bismarck-Class Battleships
Bismarck was the first of two Bismarck-class battleships built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine. Named after Chancellor Otto von Bismarck, the ship was laid down at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg in July 1936 and launched in February 1939. Work was completed in August 1940, when she was commissioned into the German fleet. Bismarck and her sister ship Tirpitz were the largest battleships ever built by Germany, and two of the largest built by any European power.
Order Bismarck-Class Battleships
Develop New Battleship Designs
Develop the H41 and H42 generation of battleships according to Plan Z's specifications.
Develop Convoy Interdiction Doctrine

New U-boat Designs

New Long Range U-boat Designs

Surface Raiders
With enough improvements in speed and tactical cunning, battlecruisers and battleships will clear the waves of the Atlantic of British convoys.
£tech_mod Modern Battlefleet
The world's ruler must also rule the waves - therefore naval power projection has to be exhibited by the Fatherland.
Operation Paukenschlag
Operation Paukenschlag represents a change of approach to dealing with the British: instead of sinking convoys sent to the United Kingdom only, as many convoys as can be found should be sunk.
Expand the Deutsche Werke Shipyards
Expanding the Deutsche Werke shipyards will go a long way to improving the Kriegsmarine.
Milchkuh
With the implementation of 'milk cow' submarines, our U-Boats will be able to operate at much longer ranges than previously achieved.
Naval Bases in France
With the fall of France, new possibilities to host Germany's naval assets have been created. Improving the presence of naval bases along the French coast will assist in the war against the United Kingdom.
War with USA
Despite Germany's best attempts at keeping the Americans neutral, the constant assistance they provide to the United Kingdom and her allies means that the United States has chosen its role to play in what should have been a just European war. It is time to officially remind them.
Spanish U-Boat Resupply
We will approach the Spanish government diplomatically and request the ability to use their ports for resupply and repairs.
Argentine U-Boat Resupply
We will approach the Argentinian government diplomatically and request the ability to use their ports for resupply and repairs.
Pressure Yugoslavia
Pressure Yugoslavia
Operation Margarethe
Operation Margarethe
Operation Margarethe II
Operation Margarethe II
War with England
War with England
Operation Sealion
Operation Sealion
Battle of Britain
Battle of Britain
Reintegrate Westpreussen
Reintegrate Westpreussen
Align the Kingdom of Romania
Align the Kingdom of Romania
Align the Kingdom of Hungary
Align the Kingdom of Hungary
Found Kontinentale Öl
The Wehrmacht makes out the bulk of the Axis forces and is in need of Fuel. The Romanian Oilfields are critical the operations of our machines of war. With some economic incentivization, we surely get them to give us a cut of their oil production
Germanization of the Balkans
Germanization of the Balkans
Invasion of Malta
Invasion of Malta
Invasion of Gribraltar
War Rationing
With Albert Speer succeeding Fritz Todt, the move towards harsher wartime measures was made. Stricter rations were implemented, but at the same time an increase in military output is being steadily observed.
Total War
Germany's enemies have proved themselves to be more formidable than previously anticipated. In order for the Fatherland to win this war, it will need the cooperation and total dedication of the entire German people to the war effort.
Build battleships §YBismarck§! and §YTirpitz§!\n
Build the carrier §YGraf Zeppelin§!\n
£tech_mod Expand Kummersdorf Testing Grounds
Kummersdorf is the name of the estate that hosts the weapon office of the German Army. Through running a development centre for future weapons as well as an artillery range, many AFVs (domestic or captured) would be tested here.
Railway Gun 'Schwerer Gustav'
Railway Gun \"Schwerer Gustav\"  GER_paratroopers:5"Fallschirmjäger
On January 29, 1936, Hermann Göring, as Reichsminister der Luftfahrt and Oberbefehlshaber der Luftwaffe, issued the order that a number of soldiers of the Regiment General Göring should be trained as paratroopers on a voluntary basis. In this way, the Fallschirmschule Stendal was created at the base in Stendal. The main task was to train for acts of sabotage behind enemy lines. The Staff of 7. Flieger-Division was formed in October 1938 under the command of Kurt Student. At the start of World War II, the Division contained 2 parachute regiments; it was brought up to full strength in 1941. In April 1940, division took part in the invasion of Denmark and Norway during Operation Weserübung, successfully seizing several airfields. For reasons of secrecy, it was originally raised as the 7. Fieger-Division before being renamed and reorganized as the 1st Parachute Division in 1943.\n§R!!Important:§! This focus will replace the current template §YParatroopers§! with §YFallschirmjäger§! which contains 1 regiments with 4 Btl's. The event will provide you with the unit 7. Flieger-Division.§R!!§!
Volksgemeinschaft Welfare
We will begin a welfare program for those of German ethnicity and providing the vulnerable within our society with economic assistance and shelter.
Volksdeutsche
The Reich shall issue a call to all people of German blood to return to the Reich. The Fatherland is strong and in need of its long lost sons and daughters.
£tech_mod Expand the Labor Front
We Need every able Mind and Body put to work
Establish Volkswagen

KdF-Wagen
We will allow our citizens to purchase teir own future 'people's car' through a savings scheme, which, in turn, we will use to finance the construction of the factories that will eventually help build these cars.
Allgemeine SS
Allgemeine SS\nGrants acces to Waffen SS Division Builder under 'Recruitment & Deployment'/TEMPLATES\n\n\n£waffen_ss_template_icon_small\n
Waffen SS 1940 expansion
Has completed focus §YWaffen SS 1940 expansion§!
Heinrich Himmler has gained approval from to a high command for the Waffen SS. In addition, he has received the Führer’s consent to allow ethnic German and Germanic populations from the conquered territories to serve in Waffen SS. To handle these new recruits, a camp was setup at Sennheim in Alsace-Lorraine.
Waffen SS 1941 expansion
Heinrich Himmler has further ordered the expansion of the Waffen SS, allowing Foreign Volunteers from the conquered territories.
Waffen SS 1942 expansion
Desperate for additional manpower, the restrictions to join the Waffen SS are being loosened to allow more foreign recruits and members of the Volksdeutsche.
Waffen SS 1943 expansion
Waffen SS 1943 expansion
Modernize the Support
With newer and better equipment we can better support the main effort in attack and defence by a division.
Achtung Minen
By using a large number of mines in the desert we can get a huge defense advantage especially in the small coastline in north Africa.
Enables §HAchtung Minen§!\n§HDesert Support Unit\n    Desert§!\n      Defense: §G+10%§!\n
Achtung Minen
By using a large number of mines we can get a defensive advantage.
Use Czechoslovak gold to reduce the cost of §YMEFO bills§!.\n
Operation Tannenbaum
Switzerland possesses the most disgusting and miserable people and political system. We now finally have time to see to these mortal enemies of the new Germany.
Trade Treaty with Switzerland
We can pursue a trade treaty that will help us strenghthen our military production by using Swiss companies.
§YIf they agree we will gain 4 offmap military factories but lose 8 Steel, if Italy is in our faction they will also gain 1 offmap military factory!§Y\n
Use Swiss Banks
By using the Swiss banks we can use the gold of Europe to strenghthen our great country and with it the whole world!
Reassert Mittelafrika Claims
§HReichscollony Mittelafrika§! gains §Hcore§! and §Hclaims§! over the east, middle and south regions of Africa.\n
Our Afrikan colonies have been taken from us at the conclusion of the Great War. This treachery must be repaid by reimplementing the Mittelafrika plan, one enormous state in Africa ruled by Germans for Germans.
Establish Reichscollony Mittelafrika
If we or our allies control regions claimed by §HReichscollony Mittelafrika§!, we'll handle those regions to it.\n
We have successfully seized territory in Afrika and now we will proclaim its self-governed system. With this step, Germany is that much stronger.
Open up State Affairs

Form Volkssturm
24 §HVolkssturm§! divisions will be formed in Germany.

Emergency Gun Provisions

Last Defence

Empower Foreign Nationalists
Opportunities can be found in the other nationalities of Europe to push forward Germany's goals. Many of them, especially the ones in the Soviet Union, will surely prefer working with us instead of the Bolsheviks given the right offer.
Finnish Tiger
Finns are constantly threatend by the Soviets. But where Stalin sees enemies, we see a valuable ally.
German-Finnish Diplomacy Focus
Propose Anti-Soviet Aliance

Hitler's Speeches
Unlock Decision: §HPublic Speaking§!
Adolf Hitler is a charismatic man capable of pulling crowds! He will perform his speeches during the most important events in the Reich and will raise the morale of its citizens.
Send Economic Assistance to Italy
We will help Mussolini develop his nation. Italy is woefully unprepared to wage a modern war. Costs incurred by the war in Ethiopia have drained the Italian treasury of funds it needs to modernize its armed forces. Our aid will help significantly in the development of their weapon stockpiles and industrial capacity.
Support Italian Claims
Yugoslavia is clearly within the Italian sphere of influence. The Führer is a strong believer of this fact and will convince our democratic friends that they should allow Italy to formally establish its dominance in the region.
Help Develop Italian Refineries
There are untapped mineral reserves in northern Italy. We will assist the Italians in the development of infrastructure necessary for the extraction of the extremely valuable oil that they possess.
Italian War Effort Question
Italian War Effort Question
Italian Workers
Italian Workers
Gotenstellung
Gotenstellung
Pantherstellung
Pantherstellung
Loot Force One
Loot Force One
Train Panzergrenadiere
Train Panzergrenadiere
Counter Soviet Armor
Counter Soviet Armor
Winter Equipment Production
Winter Equipment Production
Besiege Fortified Cities
Besiege Fortified Cities
Learn from Soviet Armor Designs
Learn from Soviet Armor Designs
After this focus is completed, §YPz V 'Panther' Research§! and §YPz VI 'Königstiger' Research§! will auto-complete if other pre-requisites are met.
Encirclement Doctrine
Encirclement Doctrine
The War Behind the Front
The war behind the front
Permanent Supply Lines
Permanent Supply Lines

Support Nationalist Spain
Spain is in civil war and we must ensure that the right side wins. We will provide guns, trucks, artillery, men and whatever the Spanish Nationalists need to win! As a reward, we will surely gain a strong potential ally to support our future goals.
We will provide §HNationalist Spain§! 3000 of infantry equipment. If we have more than 100 artilery in storage we will be able to send it as well.
Lessons from the Spanish Campaign
The Spanish Civil War is won! With our help, Nationalist flags are seen across all of Spain. And as we've gained a strong like-minded ally in the southwest, we've also gained invaluable experience from the armed conflict we participated in.

Propose Unconditional Surrender

Hold Sportpalast Speech
Has selected §HJoseph Goebbels§! as your Political Advisor.
Ich frage euch: Wollt ihr den totalen Krieg? Wollt ihr ihn, wenn nötig, totaler und radikaler, als wir ihn uns heute überhaupt erst vorstellen können?\n Nun, Volk, steh auf und Sturm brich los!
Establish the Gestapo
The Gestapo, the state police, will operate in all state matters and aid the national socialist state in maintaining the approval of the German people.
Gestapo in Divisions
Enables §HGestapo Training§!\n§HMilitary Police\n    Urban§!\n      Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+10%§!\n

Welthauptstadt Germania
Designed by Albert Speer and approved by the Führer himself, Welthauptstadt Germania will be a shining beacon of the new Germany and Europe. From Großehalle to Siegessäule, the city will be equipped with state-of-the-art equipment, the most luxurious restaurants and the most beautiful parks.\nAll that for the glory of the Führer and the German nation.
Germania's Volkshalle

Germania's Defence Sector
To ensure safety for our great Welthauptstadt we will invest in building strong all-around defences. It will include modern bunkers, rocket systems, anti-air towers and profesional military personnel to operate it.
Expand Germania's Laboratories
A great city provides many great minds. Our priority must be building modern research complexes to provide suitable grounds where they can operate.
Lebensborn Program


Europe's One Superpower
Europe is ours. From Gibraltar to Moscow, from London to Athens fly German flags.\nHas Final Victory been reached, however? Are we to let the signatories of the Tripartite Pact full independence from Germany?\nWe must organize a summit and solve these things once and for all.
§HUnited Kingdom§!: Does not control a state in the British Isles and Gibraltar
§HSoviet Union§!: Does not control Moscow, Stalingrad and Leningrad
§HAdolf Hitler§! will invite the leaders of friendly nations from Europe to discuss the final borders of the continent.\nAs Germany is now the hegemon of Europe, others should accept the German grand design.\n
§RWrong decisions taken in the conference could lead to war with European nations that are not yet under our sphere of influence!§!\n

One Reich's Navy
Sends message to §Hmajor European countries§! with a navy larger than 25 ships to form one §HUnited German-controlled Navy Force§!.\n
We will gain their §Hships§! as well as their §Hadmirals§!.\n
With Germany at the complete forefront of Europe, there is no need for our closest collaborators to have their own navies. Their ships should be given to the German naval command.

Heavy Fighter bonus
Our Heavy Fighters must be able to support the more vulnerable bomber airplanes. This requires heavier armament and longer range at the cost of some speed.
Night Fighter bonus
Avionics systems were greatly miniaturized over time, allowing the addition of radar altimeter, terrain-following radar, improved instrument landing system, microwave landing system, Doppler weather radar, LORAN receivers, GEE, TACAN, inertial navigation system, GPS, and GNSS in aircraft. The addition of greatly improved landing and navigation equipment combined with radar led to the use of the term all-weather fighter or all-weather fighter attack, depending on the aircraft capabilities. The use of the term night fighter gradually faded away as a result of these improvements making the vast majority of fighters capable of night operation.
Arms and Supplies for the Tiger
A powerful ally is a good one
Develop The Hungarian Aviation Industry

Romanian Military Training

Invest in Romanian Industry

Prepare for the Long Winter War
We need to ready our nation for a long and costly war
Once we launch the invasion of the Soviets we will receive
Kick in the Door
And the whole rotten structure comes crumbling down
Once we launch the invasion of the Soviets we will receive for 90 days

\nUnlock £tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! for §CArmor§! and §CTank Techs§! for both §Y[GER.GetName]§! and the §Y[SOV.GetName]§!.\n\nIf the treaty is declined, this slot is available to us from the £tech_mod §YExpand Kummersdorf Testing Grounds§! focus, and to the §Y[SOV.GetName]§! via focus.
Unlock £tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! for §CArmor§! and §CTank Techs§! for both the §Y[SOV.GetName]§! and §Y[GER.GetName]§!.\n\nIf the treaty is declined, this slot is available to us from the £tech_mod §YTankograd§! focus, and to §Y[GER.GetName]§! via focus.\n\n
£tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! available as §YGerman-Soviet Treaty§! has not been signed.\n\n
£tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! not available as §YGerman-Soviet Treaty§! was signed.\n\n
£tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! available as §YGerman-Soviet Treaty§! has not been signed.\n\n
£tech_mod §CResearch Slot§! not available as §YGerman-Soviet Treaty§! was signed.\n\n
Molotov Ribbentrop Pact Honored


Italian National Focus
Develop Scioa
The land around the capital of Africa Orientale Italiana is in need of further developement
Confront the Old Guard
The nobility has a steady hold on the high ranks of the military, we need to root them out to succeed in building a new modern military structure.
Modern Army
Our new reformed army will be unstopable!
When Germany launches the strategic summer offensives we will be ready to join the assault!
Combined Strategic Offensives
Germany is fighting the red beast and if we don't combine our offensive capabilities in a well-oiled manner this beast will eat us both!
Ethiopian War Logistics
We might have misjudged the logistics situation for our glorious conquest of Ethiopia. We must make it our primary goal to provide our brave troops with the necessary supplies on their march to victory..
Fortification Effort
We must defend our shores and borders against aggression by the fading and decadent imperial powers France and Britain. The western border is a natural line that will be impenetrable with additional forts and minefields.
Add §Y15 Land Forts§! on the French border.\n
£tech_mod Learn from the Ethiopian war
The Ethiopian war ended with a swift victory, we can however learn important lessons from the conflict.
Victory by any means
The Ethiopians are harder to beat than we initially thought, we could rely on alternative methods to end the war... These weapons are frowned upon on the international stage but let's see how hard their little 'league' is ready to draw the line.
Proclaim the Empire
We have rightfully achieved the state of colonial empire after our victory in Ethiopia, Mussolini will adress the nation and offer the crown of emperor of Ethiopia to the king!
Victorious in Spain
The Spanish war has been hard but a great victory has been won, we can put the lessons learned to good use, if we can find the money to fund them.
Promote Mario Berti
With his success in the Spanish civil war and in WW1 many in the high command believe he deserves a promotion, following his role in leading the Voluntary Troops Corps there have been some concerns in not doing it but even with some minor/major mistakes,  Mario has proven himself a very well respected and skilled general in even the toughest times. Even receiving the Distinguished Service Order by the United Kingdom.
Lessons from Spain
Regia Marina
Our royal navy is one of the best is the world, we must however improve it if we want to rule the mediterranean.
Modernization Attempt
Some of our ships are becoming obsolete, we must design better models.
Modern capital ships
The admiralty believes that battleships are still the future of naval warfare, the allied carriers will be crushed by our superior cannons.
Efficient Engines
With the Oil shortages we have to make every Knot count
Flexible Designs
Being able to quickly update and adapt our Navy will prove invaluable in the long run
X Flottiglia MAS
The MAS were marine infantry which included battalions of torpedo ships. They are the successors of the torpedo boats units that achieved many successes during the Great War. They are also one of the most loyal units that the kingdoms has. 
The Unsinkable Carrier
With the island now under our control, the airforce can use its full power on the allied troops in Africa and the Mediterranean
Escape the Cage
In order to break free from the mediterranean we must obtain the same technologies that the British navy possess.
Mare Nostrum
We are now once again in control of the mediterranean, our ancestors may rejoice! Our industry and economy will also benefit from the acquired land.
Modern Naval Bomber
The Royal navy enjoys a superiority in numbers, we need a modern naval bomber in order to win in the mediterranean.
Navy and Airforce Coordination
When the war started it became clear that the navy and airforce weren't cooperating efficently. The command structure will be reformed in order to improve our naval combat effectiveness.
Regia Aeronautica
The royal airforce may not be the best or the lagest one, but it enjoys many veterans from the Great War in her ranks.
Fiat Aircraft Development
Our engineers think that the biplane is still a good design and therefore we shall keep using it.
Learn from the Luftwaffe
The Luftwaffe has great planes and tactics, we must learn from them if we want to have a chance against the British airforce. 
Picchiatello
The Ju 87 \"Stuka\" has fascinated our commanders, we will ask the Germans if they could provide some of them and assist us in learing how to use them. The Stuka was called \"Picchiatello\" by the Italians due to its characteristic dive maneuver, which is called 'picchiata' in Italian
More Stukas
The Picchiatello has proven worthy in battle, let us ask our German Friends for more of them
Macchi Aircraft Development
The biplanes design has proven to be ineffective against modern planes, we must adopt the monoplane too.
Regio Esercito
The royal army has never lost a war since its foundation. Despite being considered competent by the army staff, some have voiced concerns, we will soon need to make a choice between tradition or innovation.
Artillery Modernisation
The Regio Esercito is, in theory, one of the largest armies in the world. Unfortunately, there is no way we can equip all those men properly. Worst of all, most of our artillery is from 1918! 
 Convert WW1 Weapons and Equipment
§YWe can convert some old Equipment into New! But to do this we need new technologies.§!
We can convert old WW1 equipment and weapons and re-use them instead of letting them rot in storages.
North Italy Armament Manufacturers
Northern Italy is our main industrial centre and has a long history of producing weapons dating way back to the middleages. We need more indutrial output for the upcoming war.
Alpini
The Alpini are our elite mountaineers forces, they served valiantly in the Great War and they shall do the same in the next war.
ARMIR
Mussolini is anxious to provide support to Hitler in the invasion of the Soviet Union. The Alpini will be very useful in the Caucasus, if we can reach it... ARMIR means Italian army in Russia and supported the Wehrmacht from 1941 to 1943 when it was almost completely destroyed during the battle for Stalingrad. 
£tech_mod Learn from the Wehrmacht
The Wehrmacht proved to be a formidable force, we may learn many valuable lessons from the Germans.
The Old Guard
Old generals believe the future of warfare will be an evolution of WW1 land doctrine
Legacy of the Arditi
The Arditi were the Italian assalut units during the Great War, many of them are now officers and will provide their experience in assault.
Heavy Infantry Division
Italy lacks a modern infantry division, we must fix this.
Gain a template with §Y9 Infantry§!, §Y3 Artillery§! and §Y1 Anti-Tank§! battalions.\n
AVANTI!
Meaning 'Forward!', was the newspaper in which Mussolini started his career and helpful propaganda organ for his party.
Modern Tactics
We have identified areas for improvement in our tactics
Confirm Leadership Structure
The royal army has never lost a war since its foundation, It would be foolish to change horses mid stream
8 Million Bayonets
Mussolini believes Italy can field a giant army that will crush any opposition with numbers.
A Different Type of Carrier
With control of the nearby islands we can use our air support more effectively
Innovative Theories
General Messe provided enough proofs in support of new ways of fighting, the royal army shall adopt this new theories.
Modern Celere Division
Gain a template with §Y9 Motorized§!, §Y3 Motorized Artillery§! and §Y1 Motorized Anti-Tank§! battalions.\n
Our fast division is terribly obsolete, we must fix this.
Appoint Messe
Messe has proven to be an excellent theorist, he shall command the army now too.
Reform the Army Command Structure
Messe has identified the problems afflicting the army command and they shall be resolved.
Autarchy
Mussolini is obsessed with autarchy and after the league of nation sanctions it is clear that autarchy is our only option.
The Industrial Triangle
 The area around Milano, Torino and Genova is the most industrialised in the country and it must be expanded further
Expand ILVA and IRI
ILVA and IRI were state agencies dedicated to industrial growth.
£tech_mod Ship Contracts to CRDA
We can subcontract the production of ships to the CRDA (United Dockyards in the Adriatic), it would be very helpfull in building a modern navy.
Prioritize Naval Industry
In order to achieve parity of numbers in the Mediterranean we must increase naval production.
Armor Design Effort
Our tank develpment is incredibly obsolete, but with some effort we can change that.
Increase Factory Output
Our factories lately have been lacking the means to produce the required equipment needed for our armies, but with new technologies we should be able to boost our production enough so that we can keep up with our armies demands.\nAvanti verso la Vittoria!!
Italian Tank Division
Gain a template with §Y3 Medium Armor§!, §Y2 Motorized§!, §Y1 Motorcycle Infantry§!, §Y2 Motorized Artillery§! and §Y1 Motorized Medium Artillery§! battalions.\n
Now that we have proper tanks we shall field a modern tanks division.
Modern Tank Division
Gain a template with §Y3 Medium Armor§!, §Y2 Motorized§!, §Y1 Mechanized§!, §Y2 Motorized Artillery§!, §Y1 Motorized Medium Artillery§! and §Y1 Armored Artillery§! battalions.\n
The Germans have taught the world how modern tank formations can sweep across the battlefield and wreck havoc, it's time we copy their winning formula.
£tech_mod Increase Arms Production
We lack military factories, we may divert funds from military dockyards to fix this problem.
Exploit the New Empire
Ethiopia has some resources that are yet to be exploited.
Pursue Oil Autarchy
Oil is the most important resource that we lack, we must increase oil production before the war starts.
Ardito Desio Expedition
In 1938 Ardito Desio, an Italian explorer and geologist, discovered oil in the Libyan desert.
State Propaganda
'MINCULPOP', the Italian ministry of propaganda, the citizens will know what a prosperous new era awaits!
Istituto LUCE
The state film agency, every film in the 20s and 30s produced in Italy was made by LUCE, it was a very effective mean of propaganda and can be used to make military training films.
£tech_mod University of Trieste
On the 19/09/1938 the Duce inaugurates the new University in Trieste.
Hitler Visits Rome
Hitler will soon visit our capital, we will construct new roads and a grand hotel to accomodate him.
Corpo truppe volontarie
Our Spanish comrades are fighting against the vile communists, our volunteers shall help them.
Send Planes to Franco
By sending some planes to support Franco, we can get some air experience.
The nationalists lack planes, we could send them ours and learn valuable lessons in the war.
Send Ships to Franco
The nationalist require more ships in order to edge the communists, we could send them some of our old ships.
Join the Axis
France has been crushed and German victory seems certain, we msut join the war now so can ask for land the peace conference that soon will come.
Army Primacy
Industrially, Italy is still lagging behind the decadent colonial empires. We must choose whether to prioritize the army or the navy. The choice seems obvious; like the ancient Roman Empire depended on its legions, so must the new Italian Empire!
Modernized Artillery
The Regio Esercito is, in theory, one of the largest armies in the world. Unfortunately, there is no way we can equip all those men properly. Worst of all, most of our artillery is from 1918!
Modernized Army
Better artillery will increase our fighting efficiency greatly, but we also have need of new tactics and doctrines.
Armored Effort
Fighting in Ethiopia is well and good, but our tanks are simply not up to the standard needed to fight against the decadent - though still powerful - plutodemocracies of Europe.
Carrier Effort
Modern battle fleets will be centered on aircraft carriers, not battleships. The supremacy of air power over ships was demonstrated by the Americans back in 1921!
Bomber Effort
The era is past when armies could win wars without looking to the skies. We must develop our tactical bombers to provide our soldiers with the air support they need.
Atlantic Fleet
Once we have broken out of the British cage, we will need to project our power across the oceans. This must be our first priority.
Marines and Landing Craft
Wars are not won by naval power alone; we must also be able to transport our armies across the waves and put them ashore safely...
Jet Engine Effort
Italy should be at the forefront of Jet engine development thanks to the brilliant work of Secondo Campini. We should give him all the resources he needs to further improve his designs for the Regio Aeronautica.
Light Ship Effort
The convoys to our overseas territories need protection. We need to develop new doctrines as well as more modern destroyers.
Escort Effort
We should make further efforts to protect our vulnerable convoys in the Mediterranean.
Sea Wolves
Our German allies have developed terrifyingly efficient submarines and the 'wolf pack' doctrines to employ them. We should learn from them.
Claims on Yugoslavia
There is still a significant Italian population in Yugoslavia, dating back to the glory days of Venice at least. Restoring these regions to Italian rule is an important step towards recreating the Roman Empire!
Re-establish Claims
According to the Treaty of London these lands are ours
Intergrate Zara
Its Italian Land
Italian Claims on Yugoslavia
Befriend Yugoslavia
Rather than antagonizing Yugoslavia now, we can put off its eventual conquest until a more opportune time. Instead, we could befriend the regime and bring the country into our sphere of influence.
Support Nationalist Spain
Spain is in the midst of a civil war which will determine whether it will be a future possible fascist ally or remain a useless republic - or worse yet, fall to communism or anarchy. We must provide support to the true Spaniards before it is too late!
Request Balearic Islands
Having proven our support for Franco's new regime, we are able to request one of the important territories we fought to defend, the Balearic Islands, be loaned to Italy for 2 years to strengthen our strategic hold of the Mediterranean.
Raid on Gibraltar
The Mighty Rock of Gibraltar is almost impenetrable by sea, however with the British now on the back foot, we could convince Spain to take back what's theirs
Befriend Bulgaria
Bulgaria is in our sphere of influence. Their secure alignment with Italy is key to our Balkan ambitions.
Albanian Occupation
Albania paints an easy target for our troops to occupy. We are unlikely to be met with much resistance. We must show the world the might of Italy and restore the glory of the Roman Empire!
Patto d'Acciaio
On the 6th of May 1939 the Pact of Steel was signed. Our relationship with Germany is troubled by ideological differences and conflicting aims; Il Duce is extremely wary of German ambitions in Austria and the Balkans. However, realities do change...
Store Supplies in Libya
Although we have full confidence in our navy, it may be wise to increase storage in Libya
German Military Cooperation
Through tight cooperation with the powerful German military we can combine the best part of German efficiency and Italian innovation. We will have a strategic advantage over anyone who dares face us.
Claims On France
Take land from Vichy France. With the German Conquest of Paris and a new government formed in France, it is time for us to claim our rightful piece of Southern Europe. Germany has expanded heavily in the north, and it is only fair that we are granted a slice of our own.
§YVichy France§! exists and controls §YSavoy§! and §YCorsica§!
Go After France
France... yet another reactionary democracy of the west who, at every moment seeks to hinder the advance and have often endangered the very existence of the Italian people. We go to battle for the good of Italy and the future of the Empire.
Claims On Turkey
The 1915 treaty of London promised Italy Turkish lands in Anatolia in exchange for the Western powers gains in the Levant. They took their due, claiming that they were merely League of Nations mandates, while Italy was denied. The new Italy is much stronger than the old and we will force the Turks to keep the British promises.
Italy First
Mussolini will never play second fiddle to Hitler! We must heed the lessons of the Roman Empire; Teutonic interference in Italian affairs never ends well...
Befriend Romania
It would be in our best interest to bring our distant kindred in Romania into our sphere of influence. Il Duce sees great potential in their 'Iron Guard'.
Treaty with Germany
We should ask the Germans to exchange technological secrets for the benefit of both of our great nations.
Spanish-Italian Alliance
Franco and the Spanish nationalists are our natural allies, united by religion, culture and ideology. Together, we could seize Gibraltar and make life very difficult for the Royal Navy...
Autostrade
We need to expand our infrastructure to ensure easy mobility of troops throughout our empire. With enemies in every corner of the world this is a crucial part of being able to defend all Italian soil.
Oil and Sand
Our vast lands in Northern Africa still lack behind the remainder of our empire in terms of infrastructure. We should focus our efforts on bringing them up to par.
Prospect For Oil
Old empires always fear new ones on the rise and we should not depend on them. We cannot rely on oil from other nations and should focus our efforts on finding our own source within the empire. This is how we make sure to stay competitive far into the future.
War with Greece
What kind of Roman Empire are we restoring if we do not include Greece? It should be an easy target...
Befriend Greece
The Greeks are a fellow ancient people and the cradle of Western civilization. It should not be impossible to align their aims with ours...
Befriend Turkey
The Turks have no reason to love us after the Italian-Turkish war and the Great War. However, Realpolitik takes precedence over old gripes, and the current situation in the Mediterranean could bring our two stars into alignment.
Befriend Portugal
Portugal is, along with Spain, natural allies of the Italian people. We must strengthen these bonds of friendship.
War with the UK
The decaying British Empire has caged us in the Mediterranean and will never voluntarily give us the keys. We must strike at the English as soon as the time is right!
Befriend Japan
The Japanese are much like us; a young, hungry power with a positive demography, held ransom by trade from waning plutodemocracies like the UK and the Netherlands. We should unite with them to form a vibrant naval power across the oceans!
A §Y3 Skill§! General named §YGiovanni Messe§! will appear.
A §Y3 Skill§! General named §YVittorio Ambrosio§! will appear.
Industrial War Effort
Our Industry needs to be ready for War!
Seek Help from German Scientists
German research seems to be ahead of ours. Maybe they will be willing to help us since we are now allies.
Visit German Secret Weapons Facilities
Germany is developing new impressive weapons, we may be able to learn something from them.
Pact of Steel Research Initiative
We can send an envoy to Berlin and setup join research projects and find technological synergies.
Axis Research Cooperation
Axis Research Cooperation
Support Tanks
Self-propelled guns are equipped with its own propulsion system to move towards its target. They are high mobility vehicles, usually based on continuous tracks carrying either a large howitzer, field gun, a mortar or some AT cannon and greatly improve the integration of artillery into tactical manoeuvre.
Electronics research institute
The Regio Istituto Elettronico Comunicazioni (RIEC) epresents the legacy of Guglielmo Marconi, the top research institute in radio-comminication.
Modern Ships
It's time to get rid of galeons and triremi and produce something more modern.
Innovation
Ideas change people and people change the world.
Pigs
The SLC or Siluro a Lenta Corsa known also as Maiale: Pig. It's a small submarine used to transport two soldiers with aqualung and an explosive charge to apply on the hull of an enemy ship at mooring.
Improve the Pigs
With the Mediterranean under our control we need new craft to strike further and faster
Submarine Blueprints
We go down for 20.000 leagues under the sea.
Coastal Fortifications

Libyan Ports
Libyan ports have been long ignored, but there importance is all time critical. It’s time to expand them so our brave soldiers in North Africa get the supplies they need to fight.
Carrier Effort
Sinking ships with planes? You must be crazy!
Reparti da Sbarco
If you control the sea no island can resist you. The invasion is just a matter of time.
Depth Charge Effort
Fighting on the surface is just half the battle. The other half is under the sea.
Britannia
After 2000 years we land again in the land of Albion. What have the British ever done for us, Biggus Diccus?
"A Strong Ally" #
They got there first. They were just lucky.
£tech_mod Studying at Oxford
I heard there is a big library. Maybe I'll find a book with some nice pictures...
A New Colombo
Time to sail for the new world!
Jet Technology
New engines for faster planes.
Armiamoci e Partite
Armiamoci e Partite! Was a war slogan used by our Duce, he has a strange sense of humor sometimes.
Atomic Dawn
What kind of secrets are hidden to our eyes?
Anti-Air Focus
Our best bet is we will have to face the brits in the sky sooner or later, lets make sure the boys manning the guns have the proper tools!
Land Based Air Support
Our holding across the Mediterranean means that we can easily supply any air support needs from our air bases on land
Folgore
The best Italian fighter of WW2. More aerodynamic than its precedessor used the German engine DB601A manufactured by Alfa Romeo.
Expand CANT
Cantieri Aeronautici e Navali Triestini was an Italian aviation company which originally specialised in building naval aircraft, formed in 1923 as part of the CNT (Cantiere Navale Triestino, or in English Trieste Naval Shipyard). The company produced a number of designs for the Italian military
Planes for Carriers
Without planes a carrier is kind of useless. Don't you think?
Bombardieri
The P.108 has a large bomb bay which is capable of carrying  34 × 100 kg/220 lb bombs. That saying I would prefer something more destructive.
Industrial Conversion
We need to take the decision to swap industries and start to think about war.
Fanteria
Still the bulwark of the army.
Standardisation of Trucks
Gotta Keep on Truckin
Support
In battle we need all different kind of support for our troops. Engineers, medics, logistics experts, etc... Maybe we can buy everything we need on Amazon.
The Alps
Our elite troops needs the best equipment.
Ferreo Cuore
Who needs supplies anyway
Whatever it Takes
Good equipment and training isn't needed when you have the greatest army in the world, push forward men!
Stockpile Supplies in IEA

Exploit Our Supplies
Rather than stockpilling and storing we should make the most of our supplies to fuel extraction and collection
Secure Mussolini's Position
Surely he is loved by all
Stazione Radiofonica di Bologna
In 1936 there is the inauguration of the radio station of Bologna with its programs of news and music. Enjoy.
San Marco
The San Marco is the elite marines corps specialized in amphibious operation. It takes the name from Piazza San Marco, the main square in Venezia.
Parà della Folgore
The Italian Paratroopers Corp was born in 1928 with the creation of the battalion 'Fanti dell'Aria' (Air Infantry). While in 1939 there is the inauguration of the first paratroop's academy in Tarquinia.
Forze Speciali
Hard training and discipline is what makes them special forces.
Riforma Gentile
In 1923 the reform by Giovanni Gentile changed the educational system in Italy. Now after 13 years we can say it was a huge success!
Armi Chimiche
Ethiopia is more difficult than what we thought. Maybe we need a little help with some chemical's weapons. I have a pair of old socks never been washed...
Asse Roma-Berlino
The Spanish civil war is the perfect occasion to get closer to Germany. With the excuse of coordinating the volunteers we can make some progress in the fight against Bolshevism.
Corno D'Africa
Italians build over 5.000 km of roads in Ethiopia for the development of the colony. In 1940 more than 300.000 Italians were living there. 
East African Army
In a confrontation with the great powers our holdings in East Africa are at great peril, surrounded by potential enemies. We should strengthen the defence of the frontiers!
Faccetta Nera
The country needs inspirational music to involve people in the dream of the fascist Italian state! Aspetta e spera che già l'ora si avvicina, quando saremo vicino a te noi ti daremo un'altra legge ed un altro Re. Come-on sing with us! 
Enlist Colonial Troops

Control the oil in Arabia
Under this sand there is so much oil! We only need to dig a little bit.
The new Shah
Under a new Persian puppet leader we can force the developement of more oil wells and double the shifts!
Rome Wasn't Built in a Day.
Construction research effort to improve transportation and build quality in the private sector.
Expand the Industrial Base
Let's make some room for new buildings.
Anti Tank Artillery
Our Artillery is some of the best in the world, as we strive for better Anti-Tank models we should also continue to improve our line artillery
Enables §HAccurate Artillery§!\n§HMedium Artillery§!\n   Soft Attack: §G+5%§!\n   reliability: §G+5%§!\n   Morale: §G+10%§!\n \n§HLight Artillery§!\n   Soft Attack: §G+5%§!\n   reliability: §G+5%§!\n   Morale: §G+10%§!\n \n§HMountain Artillery§!\n   Soft Attack: §G+5%§!\n   reliability: §G+5%§!\n   Morale: §G+10%§!\n
Accurate Artillery
Tank Destroyers
It is not enough to just have tanks, we have to be able to best our opponents tanks as well
Defensive Posturing

Black Sea Navy
With the Black Sea now open to us it is time for our allies to aid us in control of the oceans
Autoblinda
It's an armored car so also my mother in law can drive it and bump into everything in her path without any problems.
ILVA Bank Subsidizing
The great crisis was hard also on big industries. The Duce saved ILVA from bankruptcy. Did he pay out of his pocket?
IRI
In 1937 the government made IRI a permanent institute for the develpment of the Italian industries.
Bureaucracy
The state is everywhere and we have to keep track of everything.
Battaglia Navale
Colpito e affondato!
Ciclone
Carriers and Battleships both need destroyers for support.
Light Cruisers

Better Torpedoes
High speed Fiume (whitehead) torpedo which had a slimmer head then usual which was apparently good for an extra 2 knots of speed. The Japanese where so impressed with the design. That they copied it with several of their own torpedoes. Now with 40 more lbs of explosives from 551 lbs (250kg) to 595 lbs (270kg).  Making them a formidable threat to allied ships in the Mediterranean.
Heavy Cruisers

Battleships

Utilitaria
Small and speedy, it's ideal for the traffic of the frontline!
Drain the Swamp
The swamp of the Agro Pontino near Rome has been cause of death and suffering for centuries. The Duce is gonna do the impossible!
Cinecittà
In 1937 Cinecittà was founded by Mussolini under the slogan 'Cinema is the most powerful weapon', in the first year 18 films were produced. Amongst those also 'Il Signor Max' by Mario Camerini, the first film with Vittorio de Sica.
Dux Mea Lux
After the triumph in Africa Mussolini is untouchable. No one in the Italian political scene can oppose him. 
Banking Reform
We must give the state better control of the monetary system. At least this is what the fascists say.
Heroic Tales
The Italian children are called Balilla in honour of the young martyr killed during the wars for the unification of Italy.
Marconi's Legacy
Guglielmo Marconi won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1909 for his studies on the wireless telegraphy. He died the 20th of July 1937 in Rome. Prof. Ugo Tiberio head of the RIEC, the Royal Institute for Electro Communication, following the studies of Marconi developed the radar LINCE: a radar of the parabolic type of 60k range.
Sperimental Centre of Guidonia
The aviation sperimental centre of Guidonia was founded the 31/10/1937, at Guidonia near Rome. Here aerodynamic studies were conducted by the Aeronautica Militare.
Aeroporti
In 1936 the military air base Fausto Pecci near Bologna is inaugurated by the Duce. Ryanair soon will have a Roma-Addis Abeba flight for 50 Liras round trip!
Beretta
The legendary Italian brand of small firearms Beretta was founded in 1526 when Mastro Bartolomeo Beretta da Guardone sold 185 Archibugios to the Doge of Venezia. It's not a pistol, it's a myth.
Campioni del Mondo
Winning the Football World Cup is even more important than winning a World War! After the 1934 edition this is already our second triumph! I'm wondering how many years will have to pass before France will win two cups as well...
Caccia Pesanti
All our fighters (the CR42, the G50 and the MC.202) have the same weapons:2 machine guns of 12.7 mm. We definitely need fighters with more air attack.
Carri Tedeschi
They are stylish, they are powerful and they have the radio! I can listen to Frank Sinatra while I fire the cannon!!!
Confront Spain
If you are not with us then you are against us!
Door to the Atlantic
With the control of Gibraltar we can expand into the Atlantic.
Befriend Spain
Spain is already a key player in the mediterranean who can help us bolster our position.
Join the Party
The last one who joins the faction pays for the beers!
Eyes on North Africa
We have earned a prize and now we are going to get it!
§YVichy France§! exists and controls §YNorthAfrica§!
Kalimèra
Means 'Good Morning' in Greek. We can create a great coalition! Maybe one day they will call us the PIIGS!
The New World
We are supreme in the old world, now it's time to conquer the new!
Gain a reinforced §YInfantry Template§!\n
Gain an §YArmoured Brigade Template§!\n
Gain a §YMarines Template§!\n
Gain a §YParatroops Template§!\n
Into the Black Sea
The Roman Empire held outposts around the black sea, it might be a stretch to make those claims to the league of Nations but we can always try by force!
Esploratori del Deserto
It's like Rimini but with more sand.
Threaten the Sultanate
With us at their doorstep, the Sultanate will have no choice but to join our empire
Oil expedition
The new Roman empire must try to wrestle the grip on the middle east from the old colonial powers!
Backdoor to Russia.
Persia was a formidable foe in the ancient times, our military advisors think they are easy prey!
A Friend of Afghanistan
The Russian Bear is huge, we need all the friends we can get
Backstab Germany
Now that the Germans are busy fighting the Soviets we can grab a quick victory!
Bolshevism
Not Napoleon, not Hitler but Mussolini will conquer Russia!
"Support for the Traditionalists" #Support of the Traditionalists

Connect Africa

By Sea
Transport by sea
By Land
Transport by land
Impresa Pizzarotti
Impresa Pizzarotti & C. S.p.A. was founded in 1910 by Gino Pizzarotti. The company consolidated its position in the construction sector, becoming one of the most important and skilled companies in the country; this came about through the completion of large public and infrastructure works on behalf of both state bodies and the largest private companies in Italy. The company has always targeted ongoing development in the civil works carried out for roads and motorways, civil and military airports, irrigation and hydraulic engineering works, dykes, industrial infrastructure, railway construction, and prison construction work.
Befriend Syria and Lebanon
Although they are under Vichy rule we can use the small nations of Syria and Lebanon to further our aims in the Mediterranean
Better Access
If we are to have any hope supporting Lebanon or Syria in any future conflicts we must ensure our troops can land safety
Equip Iraqi Rebels
In the 2nd of May 1941 Iraqis under Rashid Gaylani led a coup d’état against the British Occupiers.\nBeing pro axis and sharing a common enemy should we help them in there struggle for independence from the British crown. If we help them they promise to give us much needed oil for our own war efforts.

Mortar Prototypes
Soviet National Focus
The 2nd Five Year Plan
The second Five Year Plan prioritizes the development of heavy industry. The Soviet Union must develop quickly in order to match the Capitalist and Fascist powers of the West.
In the 2nd Five Year Plan
£tech_mod Begin 3rd Five Year Plan
The third five-year plan ran for only 3 years, up to 1941, when Germany invaded the Soviet Union during the Second World War. As war approached, more resources were put into developing armaments, tanks and weapons, as well as constructing additional military factories east of the Ural Mountains. The first two years of the third five-year plan proved to be even more of a disappointment in terms of proclaimed production goals. Still, a reported 12% to 13% rate of annual industrial growth was attained in the Soviet Union during the 1930s. The plan had intended to focus on consumer goods. The Soviet Union mainly contributed resources to the development of weapons, and constructed additional military factories as needed. By 1952, industrial production was nearly double the 1941 level ('Five-Year Plans'). Stalin’s Five-Year Plans helped transform the Soviet Union from an untrained society of peasants to an advanced industrial economy.
£tech_mod Begin 3rd Five Year Plan
The third five-year plan ran for only 3 years, up to 1941, when Germany invaded the Soviet Union during the Second World War. As war approached, more resources were put into developing armaments, tanks and weapons, as well as constructing additional military factories east of the Ural Mountains. The first two years of the third five-year plan proved to be even more of a disappointment in terms of proclaimed production goals. Still, a reported 12% to 13% rate of annual industrial growth was attained in the Soviet Union during the 1930s. The plan had intended to focus on consumer goods. The Soviet Union mainly contributed resources to the development of weapons, and constructed additional military factories as needed. By 1952, industrial production was nearly double the 1941 level ('Five-Year Plans'). Stalin’s Five-Year Plans helped transform the Soviet Union from an untrained society of peasants to an advanced industrial economy.
£tech_mod Begin 3rd Five Year Plan
The third five-year plan ran for only 3 years, up to 1941, when Germany invaded the Soviet Union during the Second World War. As war approached, more resources were put into developing armaments, tanks and weapons, as well as constructing additional military factories east of the Ural Mountains. The first two years of the third five-year plan proved to be even more of a disappointment in terms of proclaimed production goals. Still, a reported 12% to 13% rate of annual industrial growth was attained in the Soviet Union during the 1930s. The plan had intended to focus on consumer goods. The Soviet Union mainly contributed resources to the development of weapons, and constructed additional military factories as needed. By 1952, industrial production was nearly double the 1941 level ('Five-Year Plans'). Stalin’s Five-Year Plans helped transform the Soviet Union from an untrained society of peasants to an advanced industrial economy.
Develop Sibkombain
In 1929 the 'Sibcombine' enterprise was founded in the city of Novosibirsk, later renamed to 'Sibmetallstroy'.\nIn 1934-1936 in addition to agicultural machinery, plant began to master the production of new items: heating devices, sorting devices, equipment for railway and water transport, spare parts for cars and tractors, textile machines, small and medium-sized engines.\nIt is proposed to expand its range of production with lathes and screw-cutting lathes of models '161' and 'PL-25' and to rename the plant to 'Combine No. 179'.
£tech_mod KB Khimavtomatika
It was proposed that a design bureau was created in Voronezh, which will begin to develop direct fuel injection units for aircraft engines and other liquid propulsion systems.
Vyatskiye Polyany Machine-Building Plant
In the village of Vyatskiye Polyany, at the facilities of a bobbin-and-reel factory, it was proposed to create a plant producing submachine guns to meet the growing needs of our army in this type of personal weapons.
Industrialise Zlatoust
In the mid-1920s, extensive industrial and civil construction began in Zlatoust. In 1929, the construction of the city hospital, the largest in the Urals, was completed. In the same year, a reservoir was built on the Bolshaya Tesma River and the first city water supply system was put into operation. In 1931, ball-bearing steel was smelted at the Zlatoust Metallurgical Plant for the first time in the USSR, and in December 1934, a powerful blooming mill was put into operation - the third in the USSR.\n We should continue to develop the city and expand it's inductrial value. Plans laid for Zlatoust Metallurgical Plant to master the production of ball bearing and chromium-silicon steel, create a factory for the production of aircraft cannons.
Soviet Motocyle Fleet
Motorcycles have proven themselves well in Wehrmacht, significantly increasing the mobility of reconnaissance and motorized formations.\nTherefore, a decision was made to produce a special heavy army motorcycle. On the Moscow experimental plant 'Iskra' it is possible to create a specialized design bureau for heavy motorcycle building. As a sample for a complete copy, you can choose a motorcycle BMW R-71 (BMW-750), which is well-proven with the German troops.
Enables §HTIZ Motorcyles§!\n§HMotorcyle Infantry    §!\n     Hard Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+5%§!\n
Expand the Fleet
After the initial success of the introduction of heavy motorcycles in the army, it is necessary to continue to increase their numbers.
Diesel Engine Plants
The Labor and Defense Council made a decision to build a turbine plant in Sverdlovsk. It will be called the Ural Turbine Works (UTZ). According to the project, the plant was supposed to produce turbines for the navy.\nOn its site, it is also possible to deploy a diesel engine production for the needs of the tank industry. Let's call it the Ural Diesel Engine Plant (UDMZ)
Militarize Stalinsk

Izhevsk Arms Plant
The Izhevsk Arms Plant is one of the oldest weapons-producing facilities in our country. The opening of the factory arms office took place on June 10, 1807.\nThe plant is currently being reconstructed. One of the main goals of this large-scale rebuild of the plant is the development of a number of new types of weapons. To develop the design and production of weapons in 1933, the 'Bureau of New Designs' was opened at the plant. In addition, technology being developed for the production of aircraft guns, air cannons, and anti-tank rifles.
£tech_mod IZMIRAN
Pushkov Institute of Terrestrial Magnetism, Ionosphere and Radiowave Propagation of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Rybinsk and Uglich Hydroelectric Stations
On September 14, 1935, the Central Committee of the VKP (b) and the USSR Council of People's Commissars adopted a resolution 'On the construction of hydroelectric facilities in the region of Uglich and Rybinsk', in accordance with which the construction of the Uglich and Rybinsk hydroelectric power stations began.\n The selected scheme for using the upper Volga was distinguished by high energy efficiency: the Uglich and Rybinsk HPPs were designed for a total capacity of 440 MW and a generation of 1.312 billion kWh
Vladimir Tractor Plant
To meet the needs of the national economy in agricultural machinery, a new tractor plant should be built in the city of Vladimir.\n The construction site was chosen on the northern outskirts of the city of Vladimir, the area behind the old Yuryevsk outpost. The plant will produce wheeled tractors of the 'Universal' series
Lipetsk Tractor Plant
It is proposed to establish a tractor plant in Lipetsk at the production facilities of the "Stankostroy" plant. In parallel, a residential settlement Traktorny will be created around it.\nIt is proposed to produce there caterpillar tractors "Kirovets-35" with a gasoline engine.
Minsk Tractor Works
In Minsk, in order to further mechanize agriculture, it was proposed to create a tractor plant for the production of wheeled and tracked tractors. 
Yuzhmash
We should continue to increase the number of new automobile and car assembly plants to meet the shortage of automotive equipment.\nIn Dnepropetrovsk, the State Defense Committee (GKO) adopted a resolution on the construction of a new automobile plant here, which will produce civilian equipment - trucks, dump trucks and truck cranes.
Tashavtomash
In Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, proposed to create a plant to meet the needs of the food and cotton industry in the region - equipment for the food industry, machines for cotton ginning products, tractors and spare parts for them, tractor trailers for bulk transportation of cotton.
Krasnoyarsk Combine Plant
To implement the decree of the Council of People's Commissars of the USSR on the creation of the production of harvesters and grain cleaning machines in Krasnoyarsk on the territory of the distillery, it was proposed to create a plant for the production of harvesters.\nThe plant will produce spare parts for agricultural machines and trailed combines. When production will grow the factory should start producing self-propelled harvesters.
Dalselmash
The new city, Birobidzhan, needs a large factory to provide jobs and meet the needs of the national economy in the region. 'Dalselmash' will name the whole area of the city.\n We will build it as a transport factory with the aim of providing nearby and distant villages with steam and one-horse carts. In difficult climatic and weather conditions, it is necessary to create a mechanical, woodworking and blacksmith shop for this enterprise.
Bezhetskselmash
By order of the Council of People's Commissars of the USSR in the city of Bezhetsk, Kalinin region, the construction of an agricultural machine-building plant should begin.\n Its specialization was clearly defined: the production of machines for harvesting and primary processing of flax and spare parts for them.
Massive Educational Focus
Massive improvements in education: construction of thousands of schools, academies and institutions of higher learning, cinemas, theatres and cultural institutions for the common people.
Build Up the Steel Industry
The second five-year plan gave heavy industry top priority, putting the Soviet Union not far behind Germany as one of the major steel-producing countries of the world.
Industrialise the Urals
With the flames of war growing larger we should consider building an industrial base out of reach of enemy air and ground attacks.
Council for Evacuation
The backstabbing Hitlerists must not be allowed to seize our precious factories in the western part of the USSR. With supreme effort and sacrifice, we should be able to quickly move the most valuable heavy equipment and facilities to Chelyabinsk and other locations in the Urals.
Defence of Moscow
The Fascists are knocking at the gates of the capital! Moscow must not be allowed to fall at any cost. Mobilize everyone, from children to old people to hastily erect what defences we can!
Add §Y28 Land Forts§! in and around Moscow.\n
Evacuate the Capital to Kuybyshev
Infrastructure Effort
The Soviet Union is vast but mostly empty. We must ensure the ability to transport goods and equipment across the width of the country quickly.
Specialized Defence Industry
In the USSR, the defense industry as a set of separate and interconnected types of military production began to be created in the 1920s.\nIn the context of the constant growth of international tension, it is important to continue to develop the defense industry sector to ensure the combat effectiveness of our army.
GOSPLAN 5-Year Plan Involvement
GOSPLAN should intervene more closely with the course of the 5-year plans for faster and more accurate implementation on the ground.
Residual Claimants
In the event of war and food shortages, the army and war-workers are first to be fed.
Yaroslavl Tyre Factory
To satifly the demands for automobile and aircraft tires, we will expand the Yaroslavl SK-1 Tyre Factory.
Women Workers
Between 800,000 and 1 million women served in the Soviet armed forces. Others participated as partisans in the resistance. More, however, did essential war work on farms and in factories and in preparing defences in threatened cities. By the end of the war four out of five workers on collective farms were women, and the share of women in public employment rose from two-fifths before the war to nearly three-fifths by 1944
Light Weapons

Expand Gorkovsky Avtomobilny Zavod
GAZ is the largest truck manufacturing plant in the USSR. On April 17, 1935, the one hundred thousandth car rolled off the assembly line of the plant. It was a passenger car GAZ-A.\nIt is necessary not to stop there and continue to expand production. There are plans to create an army four-wheel drive off-road vehicle GAZ-64, a 5-seater sedan GAZ-M-1, new types of army and civil vehicles.
Reform the Politburo
Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. It is time to update our old constitution and impress the world with the rights enjoyed by the workers and peasants of the Soviet Union!
Collectivist Propaganda
In the Soviet Union, there is no room for individual glory. Our propaganda should strongly emphasize collective efforts; surpassed production goals, successful expeditions and massive construction projects.
Armament Effort
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§!
If you can build tractors, you can build tanks! We must not allow our military production capacity to lag behind.
Militarized Schools
Soviet children should be inculcated in military discipline and Socialist virtues like self-sacrifice and solidarity. Young minds are more easily moulded.
Workers' Culture
Socialism is not just an economic system and Marxism is not just a science; we must transform the very fabric of Soviet society to extirpate all remnants of bourgeois mores and traditions.
New Soviet Man
The New Soviet Man is selfless, learned, disciplined and healthy; a living triumph over base instincts and false consciousness. Men will gladly lay down their lives for the good of all, and women will bear many children for the future of Soviet society.
The More Effort we have put into §GWorld Fairs§! the greater this spirit will be
Positive Heroism
It is time to move on from the old Leninist collectivist propaganda and transform various exceptional individuals into larger-than-life Heroes of Socialism!
Progress Cult
We should celebrate the innovations of outstanding Soviet scientists and encourage the correct kind of free thinking. The USSR will always be ahead of the decadent West when it comes to daring new fields of science; just look at the brilliant work of comrade Lysenko!
Socialist Science
The world, like the mind, is in constant motion. Nature is in a state of constant progress; revolution even. The principles of dialectical materialism can be applied to the natural sciences as well as the social...
State Committee on the Arts
Formed in 1936, was one of the most important government offices in the Soviet Union. It was formerly (until 1946) known as the State Committee on the Arts. The Ministry was led by the Minister of Culture, prior to 1953 a Chairman, who was nominated by the Chairman of the Council of Ministers and confirmed by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, and was a member of the Council of Ministers of the USSR.
Aviation Cult
The Soviet Union will impress the world with astounding feats of aviation. Our heroic pilots are the knights of Bolshevik culture and progress, demonstrating our technological mastery over nature. How far we have come since the days of the Tsar!
Focus on Close Air Support
Develop more advanced CAS aircraft.
£tech_mod GOSPLAN Order Air Factories
The Soviet Union is already a significant aviation power. By the end of the 1920s, production volumes reached 800-900 aircraft a year. In 1928, the USSR took part in the international aviation exhibition in Berlin for the first time.\n But we should not stop there - GOSPLAN has created a program for the further expansion of the aviation industry. Its implementation should start as soon as possible.
The Soviet Amazons
Although USSR was a patriarchal society at its roots, unlike their counter-parts in Western Europe and North America, women in Soviet society were far more involved in societal development outside of the home, in commerce, in statecraft, in nation-building, and, finally when the time came, in warfare.
Women in Aviation
Comrade Raskova, our heroic long-distance aviator, should be allowed to form some all-female air regiments through her Aviation Group 122 program.
Women Snipers
Around 8.7 miles from Moscow, in Vishniakov, the Central Women’s School of Sniper Training was established in March 1942. Women between the ages of 18-26, physically able, with a minimum of seven years of education, were recruited. By the end of World War II, around 1,885 snipers and instructors had graduated from the school. Women were considered for the sniper positions, because they were way better at enduring the stress and cold, and were much more patient—a skill that was paramount because they needed to lie still, waiting for hours sometimes for one perfect shot.
At the outbreak of a major war The 588. Night Bomber Regiment becomes active in Moscow.
Socialist Realism
All works of art in the Soviet Union must strive to educate the people in the goals and meaning of Communism, depicting the proletariat in realistic and typical scenes of everyday life. Soviet artists are the engineers of souls!
Conduct 1937 Population Census
Every two years we will conduct a census to determine how our population is faring. Also, a good way to keep track of people...Though be careful to only collect information which will please our leader!
Conduct 1939 Population Census
Every two years we will conduct a census to determine how our population is faring. Also, a good way to keep track of people...Though be careful to only collect information which will please our leader!
A bit of Pripiski
GOSPLAN goals are not always achievable, sometimes factory directors need to be creative with their reported figures. But careful - if Narkomgoskon learns about wrong reported figures, the price to pay will be high.
Biysk Teachers' Institute
We have an acute shortage of teachers, which hinders education in rural areas.\n To remedy this, the Council of Ministers of the RSFSR adopted Resolution on Education No. 318 'On the Reorganization of Pedagogical Schools of the People's Commissariat of Education of the RSFSR', which envisages transforming 48 pedagogical schools into two-year pedagogical institutes. The Biysk Institue will serve as one of these
Gusinoozyorsk Power Plant
Gusinoozyorsk Power Plant will be the largest condensing power plant in Transbaikal and one of the largest enterprises in Buryatia. The station provides electricity to consumers in Buryatia and neighboring regions, as well as thermal energy to the city of Gusinoozyorsk.\nThe main fuel for the station will be brown coal from the Okino-Klyuchevsky open-cast mine and the Gusinoozyorskoye deposit. The starting fuel is fuel oil.
Artyomovsky Machine Engineering Plant
In the city of Artyomovsky, Sverdlovsk region, it was proposed to create a machine-building plant to meet the needs of the mining industry, produce mining equipment and spare parts for drilling rigs.
Gold Mining in Baley
Near the village of Novotroitskoye in 1929, a primary ore gold deposit was discovered. This led to the growth and gold mining specialization of the village, which soon received the name Novotroitskiy Promysl. The Baleyskoye field was mined by a combined underground and open pit mining. The first gold recovery plant (ZIF) was commissioned in 1935.\n It is proposed to transform the village of Novotroitskiy Promyssel into the city of Baley and continue to expand gold mining in the region, which in terms of production volume can take a leading position in the country.
Jezkazgan Copper Mines
In 1846, the Yekaterinburg merchant and mining industrialist N. A. Ushakov received the rights to prospect in Western Siberia and in the Kirghiz districts. In 1847 he opened a copper mine in the Dzhezkazgan tract.\nSince the 1930s, intensive geological exploration work that began at the Kazakh SSR under the leadership of K.I.Satpayev which discovered many new deposits. The Dzhezkazgan copper ore region may well be called 'Big Jezkazgan' when we expand the production and refining of the copper ore in the region.
Red Profintern
Bryansk Machine-Building Plant (aka Red Profintern) is the oldest manufacturer of transport equipment in Russia. Founded in 1873, the plant now produces rails, armored trains, 19% of steam locomotives in the country, 60% of heavy wagons.\nIn the current five-year plan, it is planned to double production, especially to increase the production of new SO series locomotives and to improve the design of these machines.
Mining Settlement in Tashtagol
Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the RSFSR proposed to create the Tashtagol district of the Novosibirsk region with the center in the village of Tashtagol with the working settlement of Shalym and a number of other villages. It is planned to lay a railway line from Novokuznetsk station to Tashtagol station.\nAll this is needed for the construction and operation of the Tashtagol mine, in the area where large deposits of high-quality iron and magnetite ores. It will provide raw materials for the Kuznetsk Metallurgical Plant.
SMZ
The Economic Council under the Council of People's Commissars of the USSR proposed to create the Serpukhov Motorcycle Plant (SMZ) to organize the production of small-displacement motorcycles to meet the growing needs of the population in vehicles.
Tashkent Electrotechnical Plant
It was proposed to create a large electrical engineering plant in Tashkent.\nIt will be able to produce various types of switches, sockets, terminal sets required for electrical equipment of machines, packet switches and switches, fuses.\nLarge factory design and technological departments are also planned - they will be able to create brand new types of electrical products locally.
Bogoslovsk Aluminium Smelter

Inta Corrective Labor Camp
The NKVD proposed to create a new unit in the village of Inta (Komi ASSR), separating it from the Vorkuta Corrective Labor Camp, which will be directly subordinated to the Main Directorate of Railway Construction Camps\nIt will specialize in the development and operation of the Inta coal deposit, geological exploration, maintenance of the Inta power plant, construction, agriculture and logging.
Set Magnitogorsk as a Closed City

Avicenna State Medical University
Central Asia is undeveloped region, which badly needs local medical educational facilites. In Stalinabad we shall create a medical state univercity to train local specialists and research local diseases and methods to fight them.
Minsk State Art Gallery
According to the government decree of the Council of People's Commissars of the BSSR, a State Art Gallery should be created in Minsk. We will place it in fifteen halls of the building of the Higher Communist Agricultural School.\nIn addition to the departments of painting, sculpture, and graphics, a department of the art industry should be organized in the Gallery by a special decree. The gallery manager can be entrusted to the famous ceramic artist Nikolai Mikholap.
House of the Red Army and Fleet
In 1934, the talented architect Joseph Langbard was commissioned to design the center of the army culture of the BSSR.\nAccording to the plan, the complex should become not just a center for recreation and entertainment for command personnel but also a place for refreshing and deepening their knowledge - but a real academy for the commander of the Red Army. For this purpose, educational and scientific rooms were created there, which were engaged in teaching many military disciplines.
Improve Railway Network
Our First Five-year plan proved to be too successful. The massive expansion in heavy industry has left the Soviet Union in a much stronger position to defend herself but the soviet railway network has hit some critical bottlenecks. The People's Commissariat of Railways NKPS has an ambitious plan to close these bottlenecks and ensure that we can defend the motherland.
Transpolar Flights
Our bravest pilots are just beginning to prove that daring routes across the arctic are possible. By using unexpected shortcuts like these in our planning of aerial warfare, we will be able to surprise the enemy.
An Oceangoing Navy
Although the Union encompasses a greater land area than any nation on the planet, the oceans of the world are yet to be ruled by our ships. Heavily armoured battleships will be a part of our future ocean going fleet.
Lithuanian Warship Prezidentas Smetona
Lithuanian warship «Prezidentas Smetona» is the only warship in the Lithuanian Navy.\n Built by Deschimag-Werk Seebeck and launched on October 31, 1917 in Germany, the ship started its career as a German minesweeper M59. The ship was reconstructed and was officially launched as a warship on August 2, 1935 by captain Antanas Kaškelis.\n After the incorporation of Lituania, the vessel will become part of the Soviet Navy and will be renamed as «Pirmunas».
Found the PCDI
The People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR will be a heavy industry ministry focusing on our military industrial projects. In the long term, the work load may require further divisions of the ministry.
Anti-Fascist Diplomacy
Though all Western regimes are repressive and corrupt, there are none worse than those who pretend to be progressive; or even Socialist! By promoting such false consciousness among the proletariat, they are attempting to delay the Revolution and keep the workers in perpetual bondage.
Operation Zet
Though the Kuomintang is reactionary, it seems unlikely that Mao and his brand of communism will prevail in China. We should strive to improve relations with Chiang; the ridiculously anachronistic Empire of Japan is bound to collapse soon anyway.
Annex Tannu Tuva
While it hardly matters economically, for political reasons we should formally annex the People's Republic of Tannu Tuva as an autonomous oblast within the Soviet Union.
Annex Tannu Tuva
While it hardly matters economically, for political reasons we should formally annex the People's Republic of Tannu Tuva as an autonomous oblast within the Soviet Union.
Improve the Stalin Line
Our western border must be better protected from fascist aggression. The Stalin Line should be extended and modernized.
Far East Fortification
The Japanese are constantly making incursions across the border with Manchuria. We must improve our defences along that frontier in order to deter them permanently.
Add §Y6 Land Forts§! on the Japanese border.\n
Add §Y8 Land Forts§! on the Japanese border.\n
Add §Y4 Land Forts§! on the Japanese border.\n
Brest-Litovsk Fortress
The Citadel was surrounded by 3 fortifications as bridgeheads, that were made up by branches of the Mukhavets River and moats (ditches), fortified by earthworks 10 m high with redbrick casemates inside. The 3 fortifications were named after two towns: Kobrin in Belarus, Terespol in Poland and Volyn, a region in Ukraine. The Kobrin Fortification was the biggest in the fortress, located in the north-eastern part, shaped like a horseshoe, featured 4 fortification curtains, 3 detached ravelins and a lunette in the western part, East Fort and West Fort. The Terespol Fortification was the western bridgehead, featuring 4 detached lunettes. The Volyn Fortification was the south-eastern bridgehead, featuring 2 fortification curtains with 2 detached ravelins
Expand The Stalin Line
The Stalin line was a series of fortified areas from the Karelian Isthmus to the Black Sea coasts. The defence line was first started in 1928.\nMore than 7 thousand pillboxes were constructed along the distance of 1835 km. Four fortified regions (Polotsk, Minsk, Slutsk, Mozyr) were situated on the territory of our republic.\n In the mid 1930s there were 13 fortified regions in the European part of the USSR: the Karelian Fortified Region (next to Finland), the Kingisepp and Pskov Fortified Regions (next to Estonia and Latvia), the Polotsk Fortified Region (next to Lithuania), the Minsk, Mozyr, Korosten, Novohrad-Volynskyi, Letychiv, Mogilev-Yampil Fortified Regions (next to Poland), the Rybnitck and Tiraspol Fortified Regions on the border with Romania. A separate fortified region - the Kiev Fortified Region - was built to protect Kiev. The length of the fortified regions along the front line was mostly about 60-140 km.\nThe line was expanded in 1938-1939. Eight more fortified regions were built along the western border - the Ostrovsky, Sebezhsky, Izyaslavsky, Shepetovsky, Starokonstantinovsky, Ostropolsky, Kamenets-Podolsky and Slutsky fortified regions.
Karelian Fortified Region
To protect our large industrial center, which is unfortunately too close to the border, the construction of a fortified area on the Karelian Isthmus was started in 1928 by Order of the Revolutionary Military Council of the USSR No. 90 dated March 19, 1928.\nAfter completion, the fortification will consist of the Forward Line, built and the main strip, on which eleven battalion defense areas (BRO) will be located. Each of them will include from 15 to 30 machine-gun bunkers, occupying 3-5 km along the front, forest-swampy intervals will be shot from artillery half-caponiers.
Fortify Soviet Cities
To create a deeply echeloned network of fortifications in the Western direction, our large industrial centers need additional defensive structures
Expand the Molotov Line
Amid growing tensions in Europe, a plan was drawn up to expand the Molotov Line.
Improve the Molotov Line
Strengthening the offensive capabilities of potential adversaries led to the need to create a plan to modernize and strengthen the Molotov Line.
Directive No.154-16ss
Gain 2 new templates and 7 new generals
New commanders
We will gain 8 new generals and 11 Admirals
T-34 Research
The civil war in Spain, in which the light tanks BT-5 and T-26 delivered to the republican government took an active part, showed the ever-increasing role of anti-tank artillery and its saturation in the armies of developed countries.\nThe Automotive-Armored Directorate leadership, headed by Dmitry Grigorievich Pavlov, decided to create a new generation single-turret medium tank with a 76-mm gun and anti-cannon armor protection.\nDevelopment can be entrusted to the design bureau of the tank department of the Kharkov plant number 183 under the leadership of Mikhail Ilyich Koshkin.
Produced at least §Y[?temp]§! £tractor \n
KV-1 Research
After the Spanish Civil War showed the limitations of the multi-turret layout scheme, the chief of the Automotive-Armored Directorate of the Red Army, corps commander Dmitry Grigorievich Pavlov, proposed to create a heavy single-turret breakthrough tank with anti-cannon armor protection.\nUnlike its predecessors, the KV ("Klim Voroshilov" - it was proposed to name an experimental tank) will receive a diesel engine. The development can be entrusted to the Leningrad Kirov Plant (LKZ). Leading tank designers - Afanasy Semenovich Ermolaev and Nikolai Leonidovich Dukhov. 
Tank Tactics
Armoured Doctrine
Tank Corps
Form Tank Corps to counter the German Armor
Tank Corps Wave II
Raise further Tank Corps
Tank Corps Wave III
Raise even more Tank Corps
Mechanised Corps
Form Mechanised Corps for increased mobility
Improved Mechanised Corps
Gain a better template for Mechanised Corps and add further units
Enhance the Tank Corps
Enhance the Tank Corps by adding SU-76 assault guns / tank destroyers, and raise further units
Anti-Tank Guns
Enhance the Tank Corps by adding anti-tank guns, and raise two further corps
Mobility
Replace anti-tank guns with more mobile units SU-76, SU-122, SU-152
Only Medium Tanks
Remove light tanks from the setup and replace them with more T-34
Increase the Firepower
Increase the firepower using better assault guns and tank destroyers
Anti-Capitalist Diplomacy
The worst obstacles to global revolution are, without a doubt, the fat bankers of the USA and the ruthless colonialist oppressors of the United Kingdom. It must always be our primary aim to slap their grasping hands and undermine their liberalist propaganda.
Expand the Red Fleet
The Red Fleet is pathetically weak compared to the navies of the imperialist powers. We must make its expansion a national priority!
£tech_mod Soviet Naval Research
If we want our navy to be comparable to those of other powers, we must develop new technologies for our ships.
The Comintern
With the capitalist system entering its period of final collapse, the correct stance for all Communist parties must be a highly aggressive, militant, ultra-left line. We urge the Communist parties of the world to devote their energies to the destruction of the moderate left.
Southern Thrust
Annexing Iran and Iraq would both secure their vast oil reserves for the Revolution and put direct pressure on the British imperialists in Egypt and India.
Pan-Slavic Rhetoric
Comrade Lenin went too far in his abandonment of a Russian, Slavic identity in his pursuit of World Revolution. A certain degree of nationalism should serve us well, and a revival of a kind of Pan-Slavism might help bring us closer to the other Slavic nations.
Baltic Military Bases
Peter the Great was right in seeking access to ports in the west. The Baltic States, which were lost after the revolution, should be protected with Soviet troops.
Stationing troops on their capitals will increase §RCommunist§! support in their parliaments
Claim on Bessarabia
The annexation of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to Romania in 1918 is not recognized by our country and we consider them to be illegally occupied territories.
Baltic Security
The Baltic is our front yard and must be protected at all costs. Karelia must be seized to give Leningrad a secure buffer zone and we must look to ensure that friendly governments rule in Scandinavia.
With the current world situation the §Y[FIN.Getname]§! is likely to seek powerful allies, we need to ensure they are isolated
North Pole 1
Otto Yulievich Schmidt, the head of the Soviet Arctic Expedition, proposed an air expedition to the North Pole and the establishment of the world's first drifting station in its area.\nThe plan is to create an intermediate base on the Novaya Zemlya archipelago, deliver the equipment and personnel to the pole by air, and then evacuate them by an icebreaker ship. The management of the station, named 'North Pole-1', can be entrusted to the famous polar explorer Ivan Dmitrievich Papanin.
Soviet Central Television
On May 1, 1931, the USSR's first experimental television broadcast of mechanical television, without sound, took place. On October 1, 1931, the USSR Radio Committee on medium waves launched the Gorky Television, broadcasting daily with sound for 30 minutes a day. On February 11, 1934, the Moscow Television Department of the USSR Radio Committee was established.\nWe plan to create a Moscow Television Center to expand broadcasting within the framework of the All-Union Radio, and gradually expand broadcasting throughout the country.
Uralsky Sovremennik
It is proposed to create a literary almanac called «Uralskiy Sovremennik» for the publication of works by authors of the Ural region in order to develop the region's literature. The almanac will be kept by the Sverdlovsk branch of the Union of Soviet Writers. The editor's post can be entrusted to the famous Ural writer and literary critic - Klavdia Rozhdestvenskaya.
Amurlag
It was proposed to disband Bamlag and create Amurlag (Amur railway corrective labor camp) on its structure as an independent unit mainly for railway construction.\nThe Amurlag administration will be located in the city of Svobodny. In the operational command, he will be subordinate to the Railway Construction Directorate of the Far Eastern Main Directorate of Correctional Labor Camps of the NKVD.\n The maximum number of prisoners at a time can be over 125,000.
IMEL
On November 3, 1931, the Lenin Institute was merged with the K. Marx and F. Engels Institute, and the Marx-Engels-Lenin Institute under the Central Committee of VKP(b) was created in Moscow to study and deepen the theory of Marxism-Leninism and in-depth study by administrative and party personnel.\nThe time has come to expand its presence in the Transcaucasus. Comrade Beria proposed to create a branch of IMEL on the main street of Tbilisi, Rustaveli Avenue.
Yuzhnaya Tochka Shipyard
The USSR Government issued a decree on the creation of the 'Yuzhnaya Tochka' shipyard east of Feodosia.\n It is planned to start construction near the small villages of Dalnie Kamyshi and Khafuz, and to begin construction of both the shipyard itself and the village for its workers.
Kamysh-Burunsky Ship Repair and Shipbuilding Plant
In the early 1930s, in order to expand the shipbuilding bases of the navy, the USSR government decided to build new factories on the Black Sea. A commission was organized to select a convenient site for the future plant in Kerch. The bay of the Kerch Strait, protected from the eastern winds was the perfect spot.\nIn May 1934, an order was signed to start construction of the ship repair and shipbuilding plant of the People's Commissariat of Water Transport.
Support Mao and Communist China
We should focus on helping the progressive Chinese forces led by Mao Zedong, our closest ideological allies in China.
20 Irregular corps will report for duty\n
Soviet Warlord
The leader of Sinkiang headed for rapprochement with the USSR. It is in our interest to fully support his initiative to increase our country's influence in this important cross-border region and weaken the power of reactionary circles in China.
A Fondness for Mexico
After the victory of the Mexican Revolution, a corporatistic state system with noticeable left influence was established there.\nGiven the growing international tension, we can try to attract them to an alliance with our country.
Commemorate Trotsky's Death
With Trotsky gone we must decide how best to continue the world-wide revolution.
Trotskyites Unite
We are many
NKVD Troika

Restore NKVD

Industrial Powerhouse
Rapid Increase in Arms
Kulak's Collectivisation
The rate of collectivization in 1930-32 was blindingly fast, even too fast. Stalin said the Collective Farm Activists were being 'Dizzy With Success'. In 1933-38 the speed was reduced to a more manageable rate. Although the First Five-Year Plan called for the collectivization of only twenty percent of peasant households, by 1940 approximately ninety-seven percent of all peasant households had been collectivized and private ownership of property almost eliminated. Forced collectivization helped achieve Stalin's goal of rapid industrialization, but the human costs were incalculable.
Assassinate Trotsky
There are no important political figures in the Trotskyist movement other than Trotsky himself. If Trotsky is done away with before the imminent war breaks out, the threat to the Comintern will be removed.\nAs the Spanish experience shows, without the removal of Trotsky, we cannot be sure of the support of our allies in the international communist movement in the event of an imperialist attack on the Soviet Union.\nThe NKVD officers Pavel Sudoplatov and Naum Eitingon were appointed to lead the operation to assassinate Trotsky under the name "Duck".
Grants access to a §Cspy operation§! that can be used on §Y[MEX.GetNameDef]§!
Rehabilitated Military
With the taint of Trotskyism finally cleansed from the officer corps, it might be possible to allow the military some freedom from political interference again.
Military Reorganization
The Purge has not left the military in a good state. The new leadership is green and ineffective, and no work has been done to develop our doctrines. We must rectify this situation immediately!
§YYou must have at least 100 £army_experience  for this focus to continue progress§!\n
£tech_mod Red Army Rebuilt!
New Weapons, new commanders, new doctrines, and new divisions! The Red Army will prevail over all future enemies! We just need a little more time...
NKVD Primacy
The military has shown that it can never be trusted. Therefore, the NKVD will need to be expanded and given greater powers, with more political commissars to keep an eye on the officers.
NKVD Divisions
The NKVD should be given some divisions of its own to act as Internal Troops, protecting railways and important installations.
Lessons of War
With the experiences gained fighting limited wars, we should be able to make some breakthroughs in armoured warfare, and perhaps even finally whip the depleted officer corps into shape!
SMERSH
SMERSH, or 'Death to Spies', is a proposed counter-intelligence initiative that would serve a dual purpose; rooting out enemy spies and executing deserters and partisans within the ranks of the Red Army.
§YNullifies the risk of a coup.§!\n
Partisan Suppression
SMERSH should be expanded to better be able to infiltrate and ruthlessly suppress all forms of partisan activity in occupied territory.
War with Germany
The German threat continues to grow. We can and must destroy the German army and make them bow to their new overlords.
Molotov Ribbentrop Pact not in effect
War with Japan
Has national spirit §YRed Army Purge§!
Has national spirit §YOfficers Purged§!
Does not have national spirit §YOfficers Purged§!
It seems the Japanese have no plans to back down. The only effective deterrent is going to be war. They will regret having resisted our demands when The Red Army tramples them down.
Our Border Strength is higher than 8, Currently at [?SOV.border_strength]
Claim the Straits
The straits leading from The Black Sea to the Aegean Sea is a key strategic point. We cannot allow this territory to be controlled by foreign powers. To ensure relevance of The Red Fleet we need to secure the straits.
Ultimatum to Greece
The Aegean Islands is the last strategic piece we need to make sure The Red Fleet can operate freely. The Greeks are pressured from all sides and will most like give up a little territory to avoid an all-out war.
£tech_mod Diversify the Program
We have learned much from the last years and progress have been made in fields of traditional warfare. We are a nation of great scientists who have the capacity to uncover methods of war giving tremendous advantages. We must make sure they have the best conditions to work under if we want to see results.
Research City Experiment
One of our foremost scientists, Kurchatov, has noted that when breaking up of kernels in a kilogram of uranium, the energy released must be equal to the explosion of 20,000 tons of trotyl. We need to harness this power before our enemies to ensure the survival of the Motherland.
£tech_mod Closed City Network
We should set up closed cities for research that require more space than we have available in our military bases. Restricting access to the cities ensures that our research remains secret, while giving our scientists plenty of space for large scale experiments.
Has had a war since completing The Great Purge
Build the Molotov Line
Our new territories must be protected as well. Fortify key areas of the new Molotov Line."  SOV_Moiseyev_Dance_troupe:5"Igor Moiseyev Dance Troupe
Did Stalin laugh ?...Since the early 1930s, Moiseyev staged acrobatic parades on Red Square and finally came up with the idea of establishing the Theatre of Folk Art. In 1936, Vyacheslav Molotov put him in charge of the new dance company, which has since been known as the Moiseyev Ballet. Among about 200 dances he created for his company, some humorously represented the game of football and guerrilla warfare. After visiting Belarus, he choreographed a Belarusian 'folk' dance Bulba ('Potato'), which over the years indeed became a Belarusian folk dance. Moiseyev's work has been especially admired 'for the balance that it maintained between authentic folk dance and theatrical effectiveness'.
Stakhanovite Movement
During World War II the Stakhanovites used different methods to increase productivity, such as working several machine-tools at a time and combining professions. The Stakhanovites organized the two-hundreds movement (200% or more of quota in a single shift) and one-thousands movement (1000% of the norm in a shift). The Stakhanovite movement remained widespread after the war.
£tech_mod Tankograd
During World War II, Joseph Stalin decided to move a large part of Soviet factory production to places out of the way of the advancing German armies in late 1941. This brought new industries and thousands of workers to Chelyabinsk. Facilities to produce T-34 tanks and Katyusha rocket launchers existed in Chelyabinsk. During World War II, it produced 18,000 tanks, and 48,500 tank diesel engines as well as over 17 million units of ammunition. In the press of the time Chelyabinsk was informally called 'Tankograd' or 'Tank City'. The S.M. Kirov Factory no. 185 moved here from Leningrad to produce heavy tanks
Form the Zenit VSS
To unite citizens engaged in physical education, sports, and tourism in order to solve the problems of developing mass physical culture, sports, and tourism, as well as to train badges 'Ready for Labor and Defense of the USSR', it is necessary to create large sports organizations on a sectoral basis\n 'Zenit' is one of them, a voluntary all-Union sports society, which unites teams of amateur athletes from a number of branches of the defense industry
USSR State Symphony Orchestra
To raise the prestige of the state in the field of symphonic music and its presentation in the international arena, it is necessary to create a state musical orchestra.\n We have world-class music directors such as Alexandr Gauk, and many talented musicians. Therefore, with some effort, we can create a world-class symphony orchestra in the shortest possible time.
Soyuzmultfilm
By the personal decision of J.V. Stalin, it is necessary to create a children's cinema studio. Let's call it 'Soyuzmultfilm' and unite under its leadership the small animation teams 'Sovkino', 'Mezhrabpomfilm' and 'Mosfilm'.\nAll production should be organized according to the general technology of the 'celluloid conveyor'. A good start in the early years of the studio can be short films for children based on animal characters depicted in a Disney style.
Expand 'Bolshevik' Cement Complex
The Glukhoozersk cement plant began operations in July 1897 and is one of the oldest in the country.\n By 1914, 4 cement plants were operating in the vicinity of Volsk, in total they accounted for about 14% of the cement production in the Russian Empire.\n In Soviet times, after nationalization, the Glukhoozersk plant was renamed  - it is now called the 'Bolshevik cement plant'. It's time to modernize and expand it to meet our ever-growing building materials needs.
Modernise Dynamo
This plant was founded in Moscow on May 12, 1897, and at first, was called 'The Central Electric Company'. The enterprise received its modern name 'Dynamo' in 1913. After the October Revolution, the plant was nationalized.\nBy 1932, the plant produced the first traction electric motors for electric locomotives in the USSR, and on November 6, the first Soviet-designed electric locomotive, VL19, was built.\nThe continuous development of this advanced plant is a priority for the electromechanical industry.
Upgrade the Trans-Siberian Railway
The capacity of the Trans-Siberian Railway is no longer enough for our growing industry and population.\nIt is necessary to expand and improve the existing railway, build new sections, bridges and tunnels to allow people and goods to move faster through the vastness of our homeland.
Found Susuman
In 1932, a placer analysis of samples taken in the Susuman valley was carried out, which showed that there is placer gold in the basins of the Susuman and Berelekh rivers. In the same year, the head of the exploration group Yevgeny Shatalov wrote the inscription: 'City of Susumansk', as if foreseeing the future of this place.\n Using GULAG prisoners from the camps in the area we should found the town here, to reach exploit the local gold riches for the good of the Union.
Ufimsky Refinery
After the discovery of the Ishinbay oil fields in the Volga region in the 1920-30s, the first oil distillation units appeared in this area. Thus, in 1935, within the framework of the second five-year plan, the construction of the Ufa oil refinery began.\n Within 6 years, it is planned to put into operation three stages for the production of straight-run gasoline. The completion of its construction is important for the supply of fuel to our constantly growing industry and the development of the natural resources of Bashkortostan.
The 2nd Baku
The new oil region in the east, 'Second Baku', will take a prominent place in the fuel balance of our country. A few years ago in the circles of geologists, there were disputes about its oil-bearing capacity, but new discoveries show enormous potential.\nThe country spares no effort and resources to create another powerful oil base, almost in the center of the country, at a pace that old Baku never knew. It is difficult to overestimate the enormous political, economic, and defense significance of this fact.
Coal Mining in the Urals
During the development of the first five-year plan, the idea of creating a second coal and metallurgical base in the east of the country was finally formed. To fulfill this plan, an increase in coal production in the Urals and further geological exploration began in the early 30s.\nContinuation of this work is important for the development of metallurgy in our country and the development of the Trans-Urals in particular. This will help get rid of the excessive concentration of industry in the European part of the country.
Kandalakskii Aluminium Plant
Near the ice-free port of Murmansk, it is proposed to begin construction of a non-ferrous metallurgy plant to develop the natural resources of the Soviet north in connection with the country's serious needs for aluminum, including for the defense industry.\n It will be the only aluminum smelter in the world located beyond the Arctic Circle.
Institute of Metallurgy of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Academician Ivan Pavlovich Bardin proposes to create a research center for metallurgy under the name 'Institute of Metallurgy of the USSR Academy of Sciences.'\nIts task will be to resolve the main scientific and technical problems of national economic importance in the field of metallurgy, both ferrous and non-ferrous, as well as in the field of metallurgy and refractory materials.
Klimovsk Plant
In order to expand the production of ammunition for small arms in accordance with the second five-year plan, the construction of an ammunition plant began near Podolsk begun in 1936.\nAlready at the end of the 1930s, the Novopodolsk Plant No. 188 mastered the full production cycle of the 7.62mm caliber rifle and pistol ammunition most demanded in the army. By 1941, the plant began to produce pyrotechnic compositions and, in addition, six more types of cartridges of 7.62 mm and 12.7 mm calibers.
Ural Heavy Machine Building Plant
One of our most modern machine-building plants. When creating the project, the successes of Western European and American technology in the field of heavy engineering were taken into account. Most of the equipment was supplied by foreign firms.\nIt began its work on July 15, 1933. The plant specialized in the production of excavators, crushers, blast furnace and steel-making equipment, blooming mills, rolling mills, hydraulic presses, etc.\nIt can be easily converted to produce military products, if needed.
212 Missile

Alternate Materials

Uralvagonzavod
The plant was designed by three thousand Soviet engineers under the leadership of A. V. Ivankov, who studied carriage production in America. The principle of the direct-flow was implemented: with several workshops united by a technological process, build as a single conveyor line. This was one of the first projects of a large machine-building enterprise with continuous production, carried out by Soviet engineers without the participation of foreign specialists.\nFinally, it should be ready to reach the design capacity, which is to be marked by plant official naming \"Ural'skiy vagonostroitel'nyy zavod imeni F. E. Dzerzhinskogo\".
TIZ
Founded in 1915 as the Russian-Baltic Shell Plant. In 1923 the plant began to produce tools and was renamed the Taganrog Tool Plant (TIZ).\nHowever, the production base of the plant allows solving more complex problems. At the beginning of the thirties, TIZ already makes spare parts for tractors, and now we can start mass production of motorcycles (including those with a sidecar) for military and civilian purposes.
Berezniki Combinat
The Berezniki Chemical Combine is one of the largest construction projects of the 1st five-year plan, as the writer Konstantin Paustovsky called it - 'The Republic of Chemistry'. Conceived as an important element of the Ural-Kuznetsk Combine. In 1932, by uniting a number of settlements where the builders of the Combine lived, the city of Berezniki was formed. In 1932, the first stage of the BHK was introduced, in 1934 - the second.\n The further development of the plant is already planned - the products of the plant are important for both the military and civilian spheres.
Ordzhonikidze Zinc Works
The plant in Ordzhonikidze is the oldest of its kind in the USSR The first zinc in Russia.\nOn January 2, 1934, the plant produced the first electrolytic zinc in the USSR (metal content 99.9%). Since that time, the plant has been called 'Electrozinc'. To ensure the operation of the electrolyte department, the Gizeldonskiy HPP was built.\nIts continued improvement and expansion are very important for the non-ferrous industry of the USSR.
Konstantinovka Zinc Works
In the city of Konstantinovka, a zinc plant equipped with the latest equipment was completed during the first five-year plan. The plant went into operation on November 7, 1930 - a year and a half ahead of schedule. This was largely facilitated by the development of wall masonry and concreting in winter conditions.\nTo meet the growing needs of the region for zinc, it is necessary to expand the production of this plant.
The Threat to the East
In the 1930s, reactionary forces in favor of expansion came to power in Japan, and since then the situation in the Far East has been heating up.\nMeasures must be taken to be ready for military action against Japan and its puppet states.
Supply the Siberian Forces
The military infrastructure of the Trans-Ural military districts does not meet modern requirements for conducting military operations and therefore needs to be modernized.
Supplies for China
According to the reports of our advisers, the Chinese forces fighting the Japanese invasion are experiencing a shortage of not only modern weapons, but many types of equipment.\nIt is in our interest to support the Chinese fighting the Japanese militarists, regardless of their ideology.
Establish The Commissar Justice
The process of creating the People's Commissariat of Justice began in 1933 with the organization of the Prosecutor's Office of the USSR, but then the process was not completed.\nThe creation of the PCJ of the USSR takes place within the framework of the preparation of the adoption of the Constitution of the USSR, which introduced the concept of higher supervision over the exact execution of laws, which was entrusted only to the Prosecutor of the USSR (Article 113), in connection with which the prosecutor's office was separated from system of justice into an independent single centralized system.
Development in Mongolia
By the early 1920s, Mongolia was completely economically dependent on foreign companies. With the support of the USSR, measures were taken to restructure the economy of the MPR on a socialist basis. Consumer cooperation and state trade were organized, and a commercial and industrial bank was formed on a joint stock basis with the Soviet Union.\n From the beginning of the 1930s, a national factory industry began to form in the Mongolian People's Republic. It is necessary to continue to continue our assistance to Mongolia to transform it into a modern state and a worthy ally in the Far East.
Aid Tannu Tuva's Industry
Tuva is a small state inhabited mainly by people leading an outdated, nomadic way of life.\nIt is in our interests to develop Tuvan industry and help residents achieve a modern lifestyle.
The Western Threat
With the coming to power of Adolf Hitler in 1933, Germany embarked on the path of becoming the main reactionary force of international militarism.\nTheir Fuhrer's book «Mein Kampf» describes the «Lebensraum im Osten» concept -  which justifies the German territorial expansion into Central and Eastern Europe. The USSR will inevitably become the main obstacle to its implementation.\nSo, it is necessary to prepare for a clash with the German fascists.
Pressure the Baltic States
After the deployment of military contingents in the Baltic States, pressure should be exerted on the governments to lift the bans on the activities of the communist parties.\n This will undoubtedly help bring forces friendly to us to power and spread the Revolution in the Baltic region - which will move the border away from our industrial cities and help take this strategically important region under reliable control.
Welcome Lithuania
The new left-wing government of Latvia under the leadership of August Kirchenstein organized parliamentary elections, which unanimously voted for Latvia's entry into the USSR.\nWelcome to the Union, brothers.
Welcome Latvia
The new left-wing government of Estonia led by Johannes Barbarus held elections to the parliament, which declared Estonia a Soviet socialist republic and asked to join the USSR.\nThe time has come to grant their request.
Welcome Estonia
The new left-wing government of Lithuania, headed by Justas Paleckis, held parliamentary elections and voted unanimously to join the USSR.\nThe new members of the Union will make us all stronger.
Incorporate Baltic Officers
After the Baltic states became part of the USSR, their armies also became part of the Red Army. We should filter out their officers and keep those who share our ideals in the ranks.
Baltic Aggression
We don't have time for diplomatic overtures in the Baltic. The military solution will be the fastest.
The Almaty Zoo
In January 1935, the Council of People's Commissars of the Kazakh SSR decided to establish a zoo in Alma-Ata. The choice of a place for the construction of the first zoo in the republic and its creation was carried out by an experienced hunter and an excellent connoisseur of Semirechye, Murzakhan Tolebaev.\nFor the construction of the zoo, Tolebaev chose the eastern outskirts of the Gorky Park of Culture and Leisure. By the decision of the Almaty City Council, a land plot of 46 hectares was allocated for construction, on the right bank of the Kazachka River, in an orchard. The allotted territory, in terms of its relief, made it possible to arrange it for its intended purpose without high costs.
Prepare For The Paris World Fair
To demonstrate the achievements of Soviet science and technology to the world we need to create an impressive exposition at the Paris World Fair.\nThe project of the USSR pavilion by Boris Mikhailovich Iofan proposes a building for housing the exposition faced with Samarkand marble. The entrance to the pavilion will be decorated with bas-reliefs by the sculptor I. M. Tchaikov: the coats of arms of the USSR and 11 union republics. \nThe symbol of the Soviet pavilion will be a 24-meter sculptural group \"Worker and Collective Farm Woman\" made of stainless steel designed by Vera Ivanovna Mukhina and dedicated to the achievements of socialist industrialization.
Eastern Claims
The Japanese claim to Manchuria looks ridiculous. They are intruders on these lands.\n The workers of Manchuria must be freed from the oppression of the Japanese militarists. At the same time, the Sakhalin issue can be resolved.
Reconcile Japan
Our relations with Japan have always been troubled, but there are bigger fish to fry. By exploiting their desperate lack of natural resources, the Japanese could be led by the nose... Their anachronistic feudal regime is bound to fall soon anyway.
Technical Aid against the Fascists
The progressive forces fighting the reactionary fascist states deserve our full support since our goals coincide.\n Not all of them have a sufficient scientific and technical base, and here we can help
Lessons from Spain
With our help, the progressive forces won the Spanish Civil War. We also faced the forces of our probable opponents from the camp of reactionary European militarists.\nThe lessons learned from this conflict should be thoroughly studied.
The Iberian Ally
Now that we have come under attack from the fascist forces, we should ask the Spanish Republic to repay the debt and help us in our struggle against the common enemy.
The Iron Curtain
Due to the growing tensions in the world, in order to keep our military and industrial potential secret, additional measures should be taken to strengthen the fight against enemy spies.
Close the Curtain on the Army
Special attention of counterintelligence should be focused on the flow of information directly related to the armed forces, as guarantors of the security of our state from hostile actions of other countries.
Close the Curtain on Industry
Special attention of counterintelligence should be focused on matters relating the state of our industry, since even the best soldiers will not be able to show their potential without modern weapons.
Pressure Mexico
We should first try to extradite Trotsky through diplomatic channels.
A well built Pavillion will increase our global reputation and aid the rise of §R[Root.GetRulingIdeologyNoun]§! in Europe.
A well built Pavillion will increase our global reputation and aid the rise of §R[Root.GetRulingIdeologyNoun]§! in the Americas.
Prepare For The New York World Fair
After the success of the Soviet exposition at the World Fair in Paris, it is necessary to demonstrate our achievements in North America.\nThe author of the pavilion is proven architect Boris Mikhailovich Iofan; of the main sculpture \"Worker with a Star\" - Vyacheslav Andreevich Andreev.\nThe exhibition will include monuments to V.I.Lenin and I.V. Stalin from pink granite by the sculptor S.D.Merkurov, the project of the Mayakovskaya metro station, (architect A. Dushkin, artist A. Deineka), one of the life-size sections. Another exhibit - a painting by Vasily Svarog \"I. V. Stalin and members of the Politburo among children in the M. Gorky Central Park of Culture and Leisure\".
Moscow School of Military Musicians of the Red Army
At the initiative of Semyon Chernetsky, inspector of military bands of the Red Army, by a joint resolution of the People's Commissariat of Defense of the RSFSR and the People's Commissariat of Education of the RSFSR, it was proposed to form a Moscow school of military musicians of the Red Army. The pupils will be recruited from children from orphanages aged 12 and over, with the education of at least 3-4 grades of secondary school. The term of study set to 3 years.
Biokhimiya
The first biochemical institute of the Academy of Sciences created December 18, 1934. Its founders were outstanding scientists - academicians A.N.Bach and A.I. Oparin.\n This institution is necessary for the advancing research in the food, medical, microbiological, vitamin, enzyme, and other industries in our country. Biotechnological developments of the Institute will undoubtedly find wide application in the practice of the national economy, bringing significant benefits.
Avtomatika & Telemekhanika
In 1934, the Presidium of the USSR Academy of Sciences organized, under the leadership of academician Alexander Chernyshev Commission of Automation and Telemechanics. Through their efforts in 1935, the 'All-Union Conference on Automation, Telemechanics, and Dispatching' was held. And now, based on the results of its work, it is necessary to publish a new magazine called 'Avtomatika i Telemkhanika' to familiarize specialists with the latest achievements in this area.
Influence In The Balkans
After the First World War, the Balkans experienced crisis after crisis, which led to an increase in unemployment and poverty, increasing the popularity of leftist ideas.\nWe should try to organize leftist opposition to overthrow the reactionary dictatorships in their countries.
The Americas
The Mexican Revolution showed the potential for the popularity of leftist ideas on the American continent among the workers and peasants suffering under the yoke of the capitalists.\nWe should help people who share our views to overthrow the capitalist oppressors in their countries.
The Soviet Sciences Academy Expands
Merge The Soviet Sciences Academy and the Communist Academy for better coordinated and controlled, research
Set up Dual Command
Political Commissars in the Red army command structure to check Stalin's orders are obeyed.
Remove Dual Command

Stalin Order No-227 - No Step Backwards
Fight to the Death
Remove Order No-227

Naval Infantry Special Forces

Infantry Guard Battalions
Army experience gained from having Guards formations is very useful
Cavalry Guard Battalions
Artillery Guard Battalions
Paratrooper Guards
Mobile Guards
Armored Guards
More Guards
Even More Guards
MORE!
Elite Guards
Guards Air Units
Combat stats of our air units improve thanks to Guards Red Airforce Squadrons.
Improve the Red Guards
Increases combat stats of Guards Units.
OMSDON NKVD Special Forces

OSNAZ NKVD Special Forces

Recruit Communist Militia
Politically indoctrinated Militia units.
Sikorski–Mayski Agreement
When the international situation of the Soviet Union changed with the outbreak of the Soviet-German War in 1941, Stalin began to seek help from other countries opposing Germany. Strongly encouraged by British Foreign Office diplomat Anthony Eden, Sikorski, on 5 July 1941, opened negotiations with the Soviet ambassador to London, Ivan Mayski, to re-establish diplomatic relations between Poland and the Soviet Union. Stalin agreed to declare all previous pacts he had with Nazi Germany null and void, invalidating the September 1939 Soviet-German partition of Poland and releasing tens of thousands of Polish prisoners-of-war held in Soviet camps. Pursuant to an agreement between the Polish government-in-exile and Stalin, the Soviets granted \"amnesty\" to many Polish citizens on 12 August 1941, from whom a 40,000-strong army (Anders Army, later known as the Polish II Corps) was formed under General Władysław Anders. 
Form Berling's Polish Division
The activists of the 'Union of Polish Patriots' proposed to create a military units from Polish citizens and citizens of the USSR - Poles by origin, to fight the German fascist invaders.
Form the Polish People's Army
Polish units performed well in the war. It is necessary to expand this initiative and create a full-fledged armed force from Poles and people of Polish origin who share the ideals of our country.
The Katyusha
Gain a research boost to motorised rocket artillery
Create Artillery 'Destroyer' Divisions
A new formation of concentrated Artillery, AT guns, and heavy assault infantry.
Narodnoye Opolchenie
The People's Militia is a military and paramilitary formations created in wartime to help the Red Army from persons who were not subject to a priority call for mobilization.\nCommand positions at the level of division - regiment - battalion were staffed mainly with regular officers; the military-political composition was selected from local party workers, weapons were provided by the USSR People's Commissariat of Defense. Material support was originally carried out mainly at the expense of local resources. In legal terms, militias who entered the active army were equated with military personnel.
Stalin's Speech - The Great Patriotic War
The war against Fascist Germany cannot be considered a normal war. It is not only a war between two armies, it is also a great war of the entire population of the Soviet Union against the Fascist German troops. The goal of this Patriotic War of the entire population against the Fascist suppressors is not only to remove the danger that hangs over our country but also to help all European peoples that suffer under the rule of German Fascism
Operation Kutuzov (Historical Offensive)
Operation Kutuzov was the first of the two counteroffensives launched by the Red Army as part of the Kursk Strategic Offensive Operation. It commenced on 12 July 1943, in the Central Russian Upland, against Army Group Centre of the German Wehrmacht. The operation was named after General Mikhail Kutuzov, the Russian general credited with saving Russia from Napoleon during the French invasion of Russia in 1812. Operation Kutuzov was one of two large-scale Soviet operations launched as counteroffensives against Operation Citadel. The Operation began on 12 July and ended on 18 August 1943 with the capture of Orel and collapse of the Orel bulge.
Operation Bagration (Historical Offensive)
On 23 June 1944, the Red Army attacked Army Group Centre in Byelorussia, with the objective of encircling and destroying its main component armies. By 28 June, the German Fourth Army had been destroyed, along with most of the Third Panzer and Ninth Armies. The Red Army exploited the collapse of the German front line to encircle German formations near Minsk and destroy them, with Minsk liberated on 4 July. With the end of effective German resistance in Byelorussia, the Soviet offensive continued further to Lithuania, Poland and Romania over the course of July and August.
Operation Suvorov (Historical Offensive)
The second Battle of Smolensk (7 August–2 October 1943) was a Soviet strategic offensive operation conducted by the Red Army as part of the Summer-Autumn Campaign of 1943. Staged almost simultaneously with the Lower Dnieper Offensive (13 August–22 September), the offensive lasted two months and was led by General Andrei Yeremenko, commanding the Kalinin Front, and Vasily Sokolovsky, commanding the Western Front. Its goal was to clear the German presence from the Smolensk and Bryansk regions. Smolensk had been under German occupation since the first Battle of Smolensk in 1941.
Icebreaker
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact has fulfilled its task - we are now ready for war with Germany.
Man the Factories
With the expansion of military production during the period of mobilization, defense enterprises began to experience a serious shortage of labor, which negatively affects production volumes.\nWe can send some of the mobilized people, especially with special education, to military factories to solve this problem.
The Road of Life

The 7th Synthony
Rehabilitate Prisoners
Restore Positions
Moscow-Volga Canal
The Council of People's Commissars of the USSR on October 10, 1931, ordered the construction of structures that provide water supply to Moscow, the construction of a port in Moscow, and the creation of a waterway connecting Moscow with the Volga within 6 years. \nWith the canal finished, Moscow is connected to Russia's Unified Deep Water System, a system of canals and rivers in European Russia, which provides access to five seas: the White Sea, Baltic Sea, Caspian Sea, Sea of Azov, and the Black Sea.
Allied Lend Lease
As a result of Germany's military actions, we are experiencing a serious shortage of weapons and equipment.\n Suddenly, we found ourselves on the same side with previously hostile capitalist states - we should ask them for material assistance.
Allow the Allies to start shipping their equipment to aid in the war effort. This use of foreign equipment might take some getting used to, but the extra equipment will be very useful. Triggers events for Lend lease.
Allied Technical Aid
Our engineering and technical school differs from the Western one, but nevertheless, for military operations against a common enemy, the exchange of research information should be allowed.
Polikarpov Prototypes
Militarize Industry
Mobalize the Union
The Setting Sun
The Red Eagle Takes Flight
Howl Of The Red Wolf
Stavka Glavnogo Komandovaniya
True French Rebels
Pilot Schools
Flight Path Planning
Sokoly & Orly
Low Flying Training
Long Range Bombardment
Long Range Bombardment Aviation of the High Command of the Red Army
§RCommunists§! Rise Up!
Resistance will increase in occupied europe based on the highest historical popularity of §R[Root.GetRulingIdeologyNoun]§! in the country\n Also grants access to an §Coperation§! to help establish the §YRepublic of Užice§!
Resistance will increase in occupied europe based on the highest historical popularity of §R[Root.GetRulingIdeologyNoun]§! in the country
Pivot Industry
Has completed at least 6 focuses in the §C3rd 5 Year plan§!
The Great Purge
There is a dangerous Trotskyist plot brewing among the officers; even in the highest ranks. Though Trotsky's personal involvement remains unknown, the threat is great. The USSR could even be thrown into another civil war... unless we are prepared to break some eggs.
Fuel for Germany
In connection with the normalization of relations with Germany, they put forward several trade proposals to us, which will be beneficial to both sides.\nThe Germans are especially interested in fuel, which is experiencing a serious shortage. This will not only prolong the conflict between the Allies and Germany, but also postpone the war with our country.
£tech_mod Treaty with Germany
Taking advantage of Germany's serious need for our resources, we can try to conclude an agreement with them on scientific and technical cooperation in order to reduce the gap with them in aviation and armor spheres.
Raw Material for Industy
The German military industry is experiencing a serious shortage of resources. We can help them with this problem in exchange for help in modernizing our industry.
Germany Military Aid
Taking advantage of Germany's growing dependence on the supply of our materials, we can try to conclude an agreement to help reform our army. German officers have already faced the forces of capitalist states in battle, and their fresh outlook will be useful.
Arm the Fleet
Another area where we lag behind Germany is in naval weapon systems. We should take advantage of our interdependence to solve this problem.
£tech_mod Joint Naval Research
Further expansion of information exchange in the naval sphere is beneficial to both sides, since only our common adversaries have the most powerful fleets.
Purchase Prototypes
By expanding our benefits from trade with Germany, we can demand access to their latest military developments, which can greatly help us in the event of a conflict with them.
Lessons of the Winter War
The Winter War pointed to certain shortcomings in the organization and equipment of our troops, especially in battles on rough terrain where large groups of armored vehicles cannot be used.\nWe need to learn from this conflict to address these shortcomings.
Methodical Logistics
No Step Back
Overwhelming Numbers
Regulated Risks
Siberian Lessons
Our Border Strength is higher than 4, Currently at [?SOV.border_strength]
Red October
Submarine Warfare
Stalin's Big Fleet
Naval Treaty with the British
The Red Fleet Rules
Invest in Polikarpov Prototypes
[GetTrigger] Research §Y[?tech.GetTokenLocalizedKey]§! tech to get the following effect: \nCreate [?amount|Y0] §Y[?type.GetTokenLocalizedKey]§! with [?xp|G%0] XP\n
Create [?amount|Y0] §Y[?type.GetTokenLocalizedKey]§! with [?xp|G%0] XP\n
Invest in Petlyakov Prototypes
Invest in Yakolev Prototypes
Invest in Ilyushin Prototypes
Invest in Tupolev Prototypes
Air Design Theory
Relax Economic Controls
Restart RNII
Sacrifice Everything for the Cause
Industry Reborn

Tractors for Tanks
Deconstruct Docks
Lessen Quotas
Yasli I Detskiye Sady

Synthetic Rubber Production
Our demand for rubber for tires is constantly growing, and the price of natural rubber is very high on the market.\nIn the early 30s, our scientists such as Sergei Lebedev were able to create synthetic rubber, and we already established its production. \nNow an improved formula of synthetic rubber has been created, with properties that are no longer inferior to natural ones. It is very important to introduce it into production as soon as possible and expand the number of enterprises producing it.
During Winter we will recieve the following
Winter Offensives
The Revolution Spreads
Subdue the White Bear
Crush the Lynx
Tame the Lion
Ground the Turul
Reformed Officers
Reformed Officers
Reformed Officers
Reconstructed Army
Reconstructed Army
Reconstructed Army
Revolutionised Navy
Revamped Airforce
Revamped Airforce
Revamped Airforce
Complete Power

Allied Advice
Although the hostilities on our front do not come close to comparing with the previous clashes of the Western states with Germany and are unlikely to help us much, nevertheless we should begin to exchange information of a military nature - in the end, the Western Allies began to fight the Germans before us.
According to the terms of the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact the Germans must agree to a number of demands.\n currently we have refused them §G[?SOV.refused_MR]§! times and they §G[?GER.refused_MR]§! \n allowing them to refuse §G[?GER.allowed_MR]§! more times\n
The §CGermany Soviet Treaty Research Slot§!\n will now be able to also research the §YNaval§! and\n §YNaval Technologies§! Folders\n [GER.GetName] will be able to research §YArtilery§!
Adds §G1§! §YTractor Plant§!
At least §Y[?temp]§! £tractor  available
Removes: $RIGHT|-0$ £tractor  from the stockpile
The passive reduction of the purges are increased by §G50%§!
You will no longer gain the full benefits of tractor plants and all existing plants will be removed
This focus will decrease your purge malus over the time of the focus, resulting in\n

Red Army Purge
Red Fleet Purge

Average §Y$officers_purged$§! modifiers higher than §Y-25%§! ([?temp|+%0])
Average §Y$red_army_purged$§! modifiers higher than §Y-25%§! ([?temp|+%0])
Average §Y$red_air_purged$§! modifiers higher than §Y-25%§! ([?temp|+%0])
Average §Y$red_fleet_purged$§! modifiers higher than §Y-25%§! ([?temp|+%0])

Modify §Y$officers_purged$§! by: \n
Modify §Y$red_army_purged$§! by: \n
Modify §Y$red_air_purged$§! by: \n
Modify §Y$red_fleet_purged$§! by: \n

     $MODIFIER_XP_GAIN_ARMY_UNIT_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_XP_GAIN_ARMY_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_COMMAND_POWER_GAIN_MULT$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $training_time_army_factor$: $RIGHT|%-=0$
     $modifier_production_speed_mobilization_switch_speed_factor$: $RIGHT|%+=0$ \n     $MODIFIER_MOBILIZATION_SPEED$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $max_army_experience$: $RIGHT|+=0$

     $MODIFIERS_ARMY_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_ARMY_MORALE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIERS_BREAKTHROUGH_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_COMBAT_WIDTH_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%-=0$
     $MODIFIER_ATTRITION$: $RIGHT|%-=0$
     $MODIFIER_ARMY_ARMOR_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$

     $MODIFIER_AIR_SUPERIORITY_EFFICIENCY$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_XP_GAIN_AIR_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $max_air_experience$: $RIGHT|+=0$
     $MODIFIER_AIR_CAS_EFFICIENCY$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_STRATEGIC_BOMBER_BOMBING_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_AIR_ESCORT_EFFICIENCY$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_AIR_INTERCEPT_EFFICIENCY$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_AIR_NAV_EFFICIENCY$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_AIR_ACE_GENERATION_CHANCE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_AIR_ACCIDENTS_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%-=0$

     $MODIFIER_XP_GAIN_NAVY_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_CONVOY_RAIDING_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_ACCIDENTS_CHANCE$: $RIGHT|%-=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVY_CAPITAL_SHIP_ATTACK_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVY_CAPITAL_SHIP_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVY_SUBMARINE_ATTACK_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVY_SUBMARINE_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIERS_SUBMARINE_DETECTION_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $CARRIER_SORTIE_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_CARRIER_AIR_ATTACK_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_CARRIER_AIR_TARGETTING_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_CARRIER_AIR_AGILITY_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVY_ORG_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_HIT_CHANCE$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_STRIKE$: $RIGHT|+=2$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_STRIKE_ATTACK_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_STRIKE_TARGETTING$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_STRIKE_AGILITY$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_RETREAT_CHANCE$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVAL_RETREAT_SPEED$: $RIGHT|%+=0$
     $MODIFIER_NAVY_SCREEN_ATTACK_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$\n     $MODIFIER_NAVY_SCREEN_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$

$MODIFIER_GUARD_FORCES_FACTOR$: $RIGHT|%+=0$

Metropolitan France
Not enough building slots for §YInfrastructure§! in Metropolitan France
La Métropole should always come first. We can start by improving our infrastructure to create jobs and enable faster troop deployment.
French Algeria
Not enough building slots for §YInfrastructure§! in Colonial France
Europe is facing dangerous times. We should focus on improving our lands to the south and ensure we can always support the mainland.
Algerian Industry
Not enough building slots for §YCivilian Factories§! in French Algeria
We should focus our industry in Algiers. Should tensions increase in Europe we will still have an industrial capacity outside the reach of enemy bombers.
Industrial Expansion
Not enough building slots for §YCivilian Factories§! in Metropolitan France
We need a stronger industrial presence at home. We have plenty of labour ready, but need more factory lines.
Colonial Industry
Not enough building slots for §YCivilian Factories§! in Colonial France
We should focus our industry in Algiers. Should tensions increase in Europe, we will still have an industrial capacity outside the reach of enemy bombers.
Military Factories
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§! in Metropolitan France
Our war machine is falling behind in capacity. We need to focus on production of military equipment on our home soil to make sure that our borders are constantly given new equipment.
Algerian Military Factories
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§! in French Algeria
Placing our military production outside Europe in French Algeria, ensures that even if the enemy gains control of our airspace, we will maintain a constant flow of equipment to our frontline troops.
Colonial Military Factories
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§! in Colonial France
Placing our military production outside Europe ensures that even if the enemy gains control of our airspace, we will maintain a constant flow of equipment to our frontline troops.
Indochine Française
Not enough building slots for §YInfrastructure§! in Indochina
French Indochina has been neglected for too long. Building the Transindochinois between Saigon and Hanoi will surely allow us a better exploitation of present resources.
Indochina Industry
Not enough building slots for §YCivilian Factories§! in French Indochina
We should focus our industry in Indochina. Should tensions increase in Europe, we will still have an industrial capacity outside the reach of enemy bombers.
Indochina Military Factories
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§! in French Algeria
Placing our military production outside Europe in French Indochina, ensures that even if the enemy gains control of our airspace, we will maintain a constant flow of equipment to our frontline troops.
Saigon's Development
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Base§! in Saigon
Improving Saigon's naval base will reduce the distance between the Metropole and Indochina. Furthermore, it will reinforce France presence in Asia.
Winning Bet
Our previous investments paid off! We improved our production in Indochina.
Algerian Refineries
Algiers is a perfect place for constructing refineries. Close to oil sources and close to production in the homeland.
Prospect for Oil
Old empires always fear new ones on the rise and we should not depend on them. We cannot rely on oil from other nations and should focus our efforts on finding our own source within the empire. This is how we make sure to stay competitive far into the future.
Extra Research Slot
Promising young minds are popping up everywhere. We need to supply them with facilities to conduct their research. Advances in technology can give us the edge where we most need it.
Nuclear Effort
Initial tests in nuclear science has shown promising results. Harnessing its power can give us a weapon unlike anything mankind has seen.
Extra Research Slot II
Promising young minds are popping up everywhere. We need to supply them with facilities to conduct their research. Advances in technology can give us the edge where we most need it.
Defensive Focus
In times like these, it is best to strengthen our defences. If there are threats, let them come to us so that we can deal with them on our own land. We have a perfect candidate to lead our army, all we need is your word.
Aggressive Focus
We cannot sit idly by as enemies move in on our borders. And we cannot leave our allies to fend for themselves in a war scenario. Prepare our army! Gamelin is the man for the job.
Fortification Focus
As critical as our forts have been, we need to find ways to construct them more efficiently. The Maginot line has been a powerful deterrent of enemy forces, we could use the security of more defences like it.
Alpine Forts
The Italians won't cross the border so easily once we finish covering the alps with our newly planned line of defence. We will have time to respond and reinforce our position.
Extend the Maginot Line
We cannot count on Belgium to hold their ground, if they let enemy armies through we might be in trouble. Extending the Maginot Line is crucial to keeping unwanted armies out of France!
Levée en masse
All men and women who can fight will do so. Producing weapons in mass will lower the cost. We will put a rifle in the hands of everyone.
Grande Batterie
Our Artillery will form a single powerful unit to focus fire on specific points. One volley at a time and we will weaken the enemy line and punch our way through if we have to!
Char de Bataille
Battle Tanks are the way forward in military industry. We want to control the battlefield and for this we will need new powerful Tanks!
Motorized Focus
Finding better ways to build our infantry vehicles will help our ability to support and reinforce the front lines.
Mechanized Focus
Armoured vehicles play an increasingly important role in the war. While slightly less intimidating than your average tank, they give us an edge in communication, command, transport and urban warfare. 
Automitrailleuses
By law, the Infantry control all tank forces. The lighter, faster cavalry 'vehicles' or Automitrailleuses are better suited for travel and can still deal some damage with their mounted weapons.
Army Reform
No infantry unit or high-tech tank alone will win us the war. We must put our efforts into developing both our tactical and strategical capabilities. With the right people on the job we can evolve as an army.
£tech_mod Military Research

£tech_mod Collectivist Science
The working class cannot move forward without the help of science. However, science itself requires the development of the working class, which will provide science with the necessary mass social base.\nUltimately, the progress of science - like the progress of humanity as a whole - depends on the resurgence of a new revolutionary movement of the working class.
£tech_mod A Truly Modern Navy

Navy Focus
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Base§!
If we plan to expand our navy the first step is to improve and expand our naval bases. Our unique ships require constant attention to stay combat ready at all times.
Improved Screen Ships
Destroyers and Lighter Cruisers play a key role in defending our heavier Battleships or Carriers. If we lose our line of defence at sea we risk all ships and men. We must make sure our ships are built with the latest technology.
Capital Ship Focus
Improving the design of our Battleships would lead to great tactical advantages. With their range and power uncontested, no one will be able to outrun their guns.
Carrier Focus
Naval theorists have directed our attention to our outdated Carriers. They have suggestions on how Carriers can be further utilized if development is pushed in the right direction. Real progress cannot be made without our full support.
Government Reform
The world has grown dangerous. We can no longer be tied down by our own petty squabbles. It is time to empower our politicians and move forward for the sake of France.
Support the Left
The Comintern is growing stronger. It is time to show that our interest can be aligned and support our communist organizations.
Leftist Rhetoric
The goal is clear. Equality for all. We do not want capitalist interests in French politics. It is imperative that we give optimal conditions for our communist organizations to flourish.
Republican Intervention
Republican Spain needs our help! \nAnyone willing to fight for the cause should be allowed to. We cannot allow another fascist regime to gain ground.
National Mobilization
We finally have a government capable of taking action. Now it is time to strengthen our army and be prepared to fight for France.
Humanité Unie
The fat bankers and the power-hungry demagogues are strengthening their bloody grip on the world. With each passing day we see free men enslaved and the world plunged further into crisis, created by the greed of the individual. French ideals are needed more than ever! Humanity needs us, and we need to unite humanity!
Join Comintern
With enemies everywhere we turn, we need to strengthen our position with some powerful allies. Our ties with the Comintern has grown stronger and it is time to dedicate ourselves fully to their cause.
Strengthen Government
We have made plans for the following year that will meet the wishes of people in all parts of France. Show them that we are capable of action and worthy to rule France, so we can once again stand united.
Defensive Stratagems
If we want the people of France to fight a war for us it is more important than ever that we have a clear direction. We must stop fighting amongst ourselves and fight for France and \"Liberté, égalité, fraternité\" instead.
Invite Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia has enough concerns without having to worry about expansionist neighbours. Bringing them back into the Little Entente would be a great service to both them and ourselves.
Invite Romania
The Romanian democracy is fragile, caught between its internal fascist factions and Soviet communism. Bringing them into the Little Entente will allow them to retain stability with our backing.
Polish Guarantee
Polish diplomats have expressed concerns about the tension on their borders. A guarantee from our mighty nation should deter anyone planning an invasion.
Czech Guarantee
Tension is rising at the Czech border. We cannot allow expansive nations to take over a free and democratic nation. The Czechs must remain a free people. With a guarantee from us anyone planning an invasion will think twice.
Revise Versailles
The Germans are already ignoring the reparations stipulated by the Versailles Treaty, showing that France no longer inspires respect. If anything, we have the right to demand more for the lives lost in the Great War, but a just treaty would require a strong France, a new France, to enforce it.
Support the Right
France has always been a strong and proud nation, but the lack of government action has divided the people. We must unite France and assert our superiority and strength to avoid succumbing to decay.
Right Wing Rhetoric
We must focus on reaching every French and lift their national spirit. Show them that we can be the powerful leaders they need and they will become proud citizens of our glorious nation.
Nationalist Intervention
 The Nationalists are finally gaining ground in Spain. Their cause is a righteous one and anyone willing to fight for them should be allowed to.
Army of Aggression
We can no longer sit behind an obsolete wall, while our enemies run rampant across Europe. It is time to strengthen our army and push our borders to ensure France continue to be a grand nation.
France First
We are France! Victors of the Great War! Saviours of Europe! We are home of the greatest thinkers this world has seen. Too many nations seek to plunge the world into chaos. We are needed, and we will heed the call. We will take the helm, weather the storm, and steer humanity to safety under our rule!
Woo Italy
Italy has the potential to become a powerful nation. Thanks to the strong leadership of Mussolini people of Italy are united and ready to fight for the right cause. Let that cause be ours.
Join Germany
The German Reich is becoming a force to be reckoned with. Their vision of a better future can be aligned with our interests. We should support them and once the dust settles France will get its rightful piece of Europe.
Naval Doctrine
Recent progress in ship designs have opened up new options in tactical and strategical manoeuvres. Before we take chances with these new theories we need to have them properly tested and plans solidified.
Air Focus
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Time has come to expand on our Airforce! Plans have already been made to start construction of new Air Bases to support a big quantity increase in both personnel and aircraft.
CAS Focus
Air support for our ships and land forces have been a very efficient addition at a relatively small investment. The planes used for this purpose now have several suggested improvements, let our engineers put together the next generation of support aircraft.
Fighter Focus
Some revolutionary civilian engineering can be applied on our Fighters to improve their speed, range and max altitude. We need to focus on this if we want to keep up with the advancements made by others.
Bomber Focus
Air support is an important part of both our defensive and offensive capabilities. If we focus our efforts on developing fast, more agile and accurate bombers we will maintain an edge in any land battle.
Heavy Fighter Focus
Our Heavy Fighters must be able to support the more vulnerable bomber airplanes. This requires heavier armament and longer range at the cost of some speed.
Air Doctrine
We have gained enough experience to test new theories in air warfare at a faster pace. This will allow us to explore new tactical and strategic possibilities. Air combat is the key in modern warfare.
Heavy Bomber Focus
Modern heavy bomber will be armed to handle lesser aerial skirmishes on their own. If we allow our engineers to focus on developing the newest technology, we will have a better chance of destroying enemy production facilities.
Naval Bomber Focus
Ships have proven exceptionally vulnerable to aircrafts. We should keep improving on their technology to ensure we stay ahead of any countermeasures.
'Strengthen Government Support' idea has run its course.

USA National Focus
Issue War Bonds
With war bonds, we rely on the people's support of the war effort and patriotism to finance military expenses.
Office of Strategic Services
Forming a dedicated intelligence agency will not only aid the war, but future operations abroad. British intelligence services can serve as a model.
Wartime Industry
We have a strong industry, but not all of it is well adapted for production of war materials. Finding efficient processes to facilitate this change will be key to utilizing our resources.
First Special Service Force
WWI had given US Army leaders a predisposition toward mass warfare and thus special operations forces were not considered necessary and by some as ‘ungentlemanly’ in the modern era. This gap led to the formation of the Office for Strategic Services (OSS) which began training and fielding teams of commandos to operate behind enemy lines for purposes of intelligence and strengthening resistance groups. The military began to form its own units, notably the Ranger battalions based off the British commandos for targeted missions in combat areas. The success of German and British operations led to acceptance and expansion of such operations in the US military.
Rubber Reserve Company
With the eruption of war, we have lost almost all our sources of imported rubber. \n\nWith an enormous coordinated effort, the rubber companies in the United States can cooperate to find better means of producing synthetic rubber, possibly even meeting the demands of the war effort.
Manifest Destiny
The special circumstances around our nation's foundation and history give us mandate to act on injustice and oppression anywhere in the world. To create a safe international community, our primary export must be freedom.
§YGives war goals against all Fascist and Communist nations.§!\n
Operation Torch
The Soviet Union has pressed the US and British to start operations in Europe and open a second front, to reduce the pressure of German forces on the Red Army.\n While US commanders favor Operation Sledgehammer, a landing in Occupied Europe as soon as possible, British commanders believed that it is premature and likely to end in disaster and propose landings in French North Africa.\n Landings in north-west Africa would reduce pressure on Allied forces in Egypt, secure Allied naval control of the south-west Mediterranean and enable an invasion of Southern Europe.
Found the United Nations
The United Nations (UN) is an intergovernmental organization tasked to promote international co-operation and to create and maintain international order. A replacement for the ineffective League of Nations, the organization was established after World War II with the aim of preventing another such conflict.
£tech_mod Scientist Haven
The repressive laws stemming from fascist countries led to a brain drain, where leading scientists and researchers in the field left. Aided by the Emergency Committee in Aid of Displaced Foreign Scholars, scholars who were barred from teaching, being persecuted, or threatened were assisted in fleeing their countries and relocating to the United States. With the assistance of the Rockefeller Foundation, Carnegie Foundation, and schools like MIT, Harvard, Stanford, and many other campuses, over 300 scholars and scientists were relocated to the United States.
Works Progress Administration
The Works Progress Administration (WPA), later renamed Works Projects Administration, was a program designed to employ mostly unskilled men for public work projects. The men were responsible for construction of public buildings and roads. Notable projects of the WPA include the Tennessee Valley Authority and Federal Project Number One.
£tech_mod Committee on Technocracy
The Committee on Technocracy was led by scientists and engineers to dedicated to streamlined and effective production and profitability of resources, transportation, and entertainment facilities. The overall movement of technocracy was dedicated to reorganizing government and businesses to be more effective and provide people with four days of work and three days off, thus removing a weekend effect. There were popular movements for replacing democracy with technocracy, but the movements fizzled during the New Deal and the Second World War..
Reopen Rock Island Arsenal
Rock Island Arsenal, originally Fort Armstrong, is located on an island in the Mississippi River, between Davenport, Iowa and Rock Island, Illinois. On July 4th, 1905, a museum was created to honor the place’s history as a prisoner of war camp during the American Civil War and place of manufacturing. During the Great War and the Second World War, the museum was closed to provide additional manufacturing space. In the lead up to the war, the new facilities were added, and closed ones were reopened. Rock Island became home to artillery production, gun carriages, .30 caliber Browning machine guns, and gun mounts for naval vessels. Today, the Rock Island Arsenal is the only active foundry for the US Army.
Office of War Mobilization
With superpowers threatening world peace, our public works projects need to be turned towards military matters as well as civilian ones.
A further expansion of military factories, leading to the construction of §Y32 Military Factories§! across the US at a rate of §Y1 per week§!
US Army Corps of Engineers Projects
The US Army Corps of Engineers will be put to the task of building the foundation for many future military projects the like of which the world has never seen. Essayons!
The USACE begins assisting in military construction, leading to the construction of §Y24 Military Factories§! across the US at a rate of §Y1 per week§!
Arsenal of Democracy
Regardless of whether or not we choose to intervene directly in a war, democratic nations must know that we will arm and support them.
Liberty Ships
Mass-production of cargo ships need to accompany our industrial developments to ensure our materials and troops reach the theatres where they are needed.
War Propaganda
The government has been slow at using propaganda campaigns to persuade the public. Relenting to pressure from media, business, and advertisers the government took a hand in providing information to the public about war bonds, victory gardens, and convincing the public to accept harsh peace terms. The Office for War Information, along with War and State Department helped disseminate of war information and propaganda. A private Writers’ War Board used more provocative campaigns. Notable people who provided services for the war effort were Theodor Geisel (Dr. Seuss), Orson Welles, and Frank Capra.
War Plan Black
It's plain to see that Germany's politics and expansionism goes far beyond any measure of sanity. They must be stopped before their war machine reaches the point of no return.
Embargo Germany
The German Reich is dependent on imported war materials, oil, and other raw materials for their war effort. With applied pressure, neutral countries can be swayed to join the effort in curbing the belligerent’s access to critical materials.
Destroyers for Bases
The Destroyer for Bases deal was an agreement in which 50 Caldwell, Wickes, and Clemson-class destroyers, all of older vintage, were transferred from the US Navy to British Royal Navy. The British designated the destroyers the Town-class and were named after towns common to both the United States and Britain. In exchange for the destroyers, the United States was granted leases on naval and air bases in Newfoundland, eastern Bahamas, southern Jamaica, western Saint Lucia, western Trinidad, Anitua, and British Guiana. Critics and antiwar activists criticized the deal as it violated the Neutrality Acts.\n The UK needs ships, and we need to protect our home territory. For the right to set up bases in currently British territories, we can exchange some Destroyers, which will hopefully be put to good use as well.
War Plan White
The Red Menace cannot be allowed to expand unchecked. Whether from without or from within, there is no greater threat to our nation and the world at large.
Embargo USSR
Depriving the Soviet Union of trade opportunities with us will both keep us from aiding their military efforts and prove our economic model as superior.
War Plan Red
After appearing to be on the path to respecting the people, our old oppressors are now at odds with the winds of change we've accepted. The British Empire is showing its true colours. We must let them know where we stand.
Embargo the Empire
Despite having enjoyed good relations for a long time, the British have betrayed the ideals we hoped they learned to live up to. It's time to let them know the consequences.
War Plan Orange
There is no greater threat to us than Japan's imperialistic ambitions. Their efforts to expand into Asia and the Pacific will put them at odds with our interests quickly.
Embargo Japan
The Embargo of Japan has a long history, beginning with Japan’s invasion of Manchuria. In 1939, the 1911 commercial treaty was terminated, and exports were further tightened by the Export Control Act of 1940. The efforts to deter Japan from continuing the war in China failed. Following increased ties with Germany and Italy, and the withdrawal from the League of Nations, the US embargoed scrap-metal shipments and closed the Panama Canal to Japanese shipping. After the move into Vichy-controlled Indochina, the Japanese assets in the US were froze and oil embargoed.
Prepare Intervention
While Europe moved closer to war, Congress continued to insist on neutrality, passing four Neutrality Acts in 1935, 1936, 1937, and 1939. At President Roosevelt’s insistence, a “cash-and-carry” provision was added which would allow the sale of materials and supplies to belligerents as long as they arranged for transport and paid cash. When Japan invaded China, Roosevelt did not invoke the Neutrality Act, as the parties had not declared war. In Chicago, Roosevelt gave the “Quarantine” Speech calling for quarantine against “the epidemic of world lawlessness”, though panned by detractors, the speech helped move public approval towards preparing for war.
£tech_mod Lockheed Advanced Development Projects
The designation “skunk works” or “skunkworks” is widely used in business, engineering, and technical fields to describe a group within an organization given a high degree of autonomy and unhampered by bureaucracy, with the task of working on advanced or secret projects. The most prominent one was the Lockheed Skunkworks, also known as the Lockheed Advanced Development Projects, which was responsible for a number of aircraft like the P-38, P-80 Shooting Star, and Cold War staples like U-2 and SR-71 Blackbird.
National Defense Research Committee
The National Defense Research Committee (NRDC) was an organization created “to coordinate, supervise, and conduct scientific research on the problems underlying the development, production, and use of mechanism and devices of warfare” in the United States from June 27th 1940, until June 28th, 1941. Most of its work was done with the strictest secrecy, and it began research of what would become some of the most important technology during World War II, including radar and the atomic bomb.
£tech_mod Manhattan Project
Development of Substitute Materials, an innocent-sounding USACE project, will eventually be known as the Manhattan Project. One of the most secretive and dangerous undertakings in military history, its goal is creating the first atomic bomb.
Unholy Alliance
Sometimes, we have to choose our enemies. Often, the choice is not easy. The future may judge us for standing side by side with one tyrant, or praise us for saving it from the other.
Boosts opinion and trade opinion with the Soviet Union or Germany if they are at war, siding with the defender.
Limited Intervention
With the outbreak of war in Europe, Roosevelt issued a proclamation of neutrality and took a number of steps to designed to help the United Kingdom. Cash-and-carry was renewed, and executive action was taken to see if military equipment could be exchanged for leases on bases. In September 1940, Congress at Roosevelt’s prodding passed the first peacetime draft in the nation’s history.
Pearl Harbor Gambit
The continued militaristic and expansionist attitude of the Japanese worried President Roosevelt and military planners. Meanwhile, embargos were having a limited effect on changing the Japanese mindset. In order to deter further Japanese aggression, the Pacific Fleet was ordered to Pearl Harbor. The arrival of over 100 ships provided dangerous, as the harbor was now congested, and it would take hours to get the entire fleet out to sea if the base was attacked
§YWhile the focus is running, Japan will have the opportunity to launch an attack.§!
Cancel Pearl Harbor Gambit
Stationing a fleet in Pearl Harbor endangers the lives of our sailors. We will not risk them to provoke a war with Japan.
£tech_mod Air War Plans Division
To make the right priorities in aviation as well as aircraft production will require long-term planning. The AWPD will ensure we have materiel, organization and strategic plans.
Jet Engine Development
Becoming aware of the UKs jet program in 1941, with the design being brought back to the US and General Electric being chosen to produce its own designs that same year. The first Bell P-59 Airacomet flew for the first time on 1 October 1942 and though it never saw operational service, the experience was crucial to introducing the USAAF and USN to jet aircraft.
Air Support
Aerial warfare must first and foremost be used in conjunction with other military operations.
Strategic Bombing
The capacity to execute precision bombing will allow us to stop the war machine of any nation in its tracks.
Tactical Bomber Effort
Constructing planes built to attack tactical targets will make way for our troops to advance more safely.
Combined Bomber Offensive
With another Great Power on our side, we have unexpected advantages in researching and applying large-scale offensive bombing.
£tech_mod Fund The Navy
We must be able to adapt to anything new our enemies throws at us. Increased funding to navy exercises will lead to a more efficient navy that can tactically outperform our enemies.
Bureau of Ships
We will combine the Bureau of Construction and Repair and the Bureau of Engineering into one entity to oversee future naval developments.
Battleship Primacy
With the Japanese denunciation of the Washington Naval Treaty, we may face another arms race on the oceans. We will ensure we have both the most and best battleships.
Advanced Mahanian Doctrine
The influence of Alfred Thayer Mahan on naval warfare can hardly be underestimated. Building on his work will allow us to make good use of battleships, which he considered a decisive factor.
Carrier Primacy
Air power will be needed in battles to come, and the most practical means of extending its range is the use of aircraft carriers. We must create more advanced and specialized models.
Patrol Bombers
To meet the needs for naval aviation development, the Bureau of Aeronautics, which has been responsible for these matters for decades, will have to be expanded.
Escort Effort
Submarines constitute a danger to our merchant convoys. Focusing on development of new destroyer models will allow us to wage anti-submarine warfare efficiently.
Convoy Tactics
Protecting our trade vessels is not just about escorts and effective intelligence, but also tactical choices in how to arrange our trade routes and routines.
Advanced Naval Shells
Adoption of more advanced hardening techniques for our heavy naval shells will improve their penetration.
Amphibious Operations
With the establishment of the FMF in 1933, the USMC began preparing itself for an island-hopping campaign across the Pacific. Between 1935 and 1940, the Navy and Marines conducted 7 landing exercises testing tactics, ships, and landing craft. The experiences provided a steppingstone for future USMC operations in WWII.
Advanced Amphibious Tactics
The ability to launch a coordinated offensive from sea is no easy task. Studying our past attempts and learning from them is key to successful operations.
Expand the Marine Corps
The US had begun developing a plan for an amphibious war in the Pacific in the 1920s and that doctrine became the basis for the future Island hoping campaign. In 1933 Naval General Order 241 established the “Fleet Marine Force” (FMF) with a focus on amphibious operations. The Corps expanded over the decade and on the eve of Pearl Harbor stood at just shy of 66,000 personnel. By the end of the war, it would include nearly 500,000.
Reaffirm Monroe Doctrine
Dating over 100 years back, the Monroe Doctrine codified US intervention in the case of European attempts to colonize the Americas, but stay out of European affairs. Strengthening our role as peacekeepers on these continents will improve our influence in the region.
Call in Allies

Caribbean Sphere
The Caribbean islands offer the perfect location to launch strikes against our Eastern coast or the Panama Canal, so of course we must make it clear that no hostile takeovers of the area will be permitted.
Central America
It would be unthinkable to let any foreign power take control of, or even be able to threaten, the Panama Canal. As such, we shall guarantee the independence of all the Central American nations.
The Neighbours
We must first and foremost see to the safety of the countries closest to us. Rather than having the enemy cross our neighbours to get to us, they'll cross us if they cross our neighbours.
South America
Colonial empires must never again be able to expand into South American, we shall guarantee the independence of our Southern brothers to keep them safe.
Pax Americana
The peace in America must be kept. We have the strength to ensure that petty squabbles between neighbouring nation do not escalate. A war at our doorsteps is exactly what our enemies want, and we must do everything we can to prevent it.
@USA §YUnited States§! can intervene in wars between American countries
Black Chamber Operation
§RCLASSIFIED§!
We have information of political activities in a number of American countries that does not align with our interests. Fortunately, we have established a underground propaganda network and are ready to push these countries in our direction. This is something we must do to ensure that we are not under threat at home.
Pre-emptive Intervention
We can no longer sit idly by and watch neighbouring countries build tool of war meant to suppress us or our allies. We must intervene for the greater good of our mighty country and the world.
Anti-Imperialism
America has always been an enemy of imperialistic oppressors, but it's plain to see that most so-called democracies are willing to keep these institutions alive as long as they benefit from them. The revolutionaries of the Soviet Union are better allies.
The Fascist Menace
Early in his presidency, restrained by Neutrality Acts, Roosevelt refrained from provoking isolationist sentiment and stood idle as the Rhineland was occupied in defiance of the Treaty of Versailles and the Spanish Civil War broke out. After the Anschluss of Austria and threats of aggression against Czechoslovakia, President Roosevelt stated the United States would remain neutral. However, after the Munich Agreement and following duress in Germany, American public opinion turned against Germany. With public opinion shifting to his side, Roosevelt began taking steps to prepare for the fascist menaces.
Crusade Against Communism
The Red Terror is by far the worst menace this world has ever faced. By any means necessary, the destructive ideology emanating from the Soviet Union must be cut off at its origin, and we will be the ones to do it.
Strike at the Empire
The true threat to liberty in the world is the colonial empires built by European superpowers. They must be crushed, and their populations freed, starting with the British Empire we once freed ourselves from.
Defense of the Pacific
The Japanese government has continued its militaristic and expansionist attitude without concern towards its neighbors. The nation must be brought to heel and forced into peace terms and reform of its government to prevent unfounded aggression..
Women Volunteers
Some 358,000 women, all of which were volunteers, joined the Armed Services during WWII, serving at home and abroad. At the urging of First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt and women’s groups, and impressed by the British use of women in service, General George Marshall supported the idea of introducing a women’s service branch into the Army.
First Surge of Volunteers
38.8% (6,332,000) of U.S. servicemen and all servicewomen were volunteers. This is the first wave of the volunteers eager to defend Freedom.
Second Surge of Volunteers
38.8% (6,332,000) of U.S. servicemen and all servicewomen were volunteers. This is the second wave of the volunteers eager to defend Freedom.
Third Surge of Volunteers
38.8% (6,332,000) of U.S. servicemen and all servicewomen were volunteers. This is the third wave of the volunteers eager to defend Freedom.
Department of the Navy
We need to prepare our Navy Department for a possible conflict brewing
"The Naval Expansion Act" #Expand Shipbuilding Program
The Naval Expansion Act of June 1940 increased the authorized tonnage for Aircraft Carriers, Cruisers, and submarines. It also authorized $35 million toward ship building and an additional $6 million to armament producing facilities in support of naval production. Battleships New York, Texas, and Arkansas were also order modernized by this act
Emergency Shipbuilding Program
Started in 1941 alongside the shipbuilding being completed to aid the Britain merchant fleet, new yards were built with the intention of strengthening the US merchant fleet as war drew near. The program underwent numerous expansions with hundreds of ships and shipyards order built around the country. By 1945 the Maritime commission had built over 6,000 vessels, including 2,600 liberty ships
Automotive Industry Subsidies
 
Detroit Tank Arsenal
 
Detroit Vehicle Arsenal
 
Study Mobile Infantry Doctrine
 Mechanization was slow in the US military, a process that was initially begun in 1928. The 1st Cavalry Division was the first to motorize with its logistic elements and performed favorably in all maneuvers. In 1931 War Department Chief of Staff Douglas McArthur directed all services to mechanize, and the slow process began in earnest. Though the capabilities were obvious, the movement was resisted by old cavalry officer right through the outbreak of the war. The use of massed tanks and armored infantry by the Germans in Europe in 1940 ended the remaining resistance to modernization, though cavalry would remain in reconnaissance roles for the time being.
Study Combined Arms Doctrine
 
Support Springfield Armory
 
Fort Bragg Paratrooper Training
The Ranger Regiment traces its lineage to three of six battalions raised in World War II, and to the 5307th Composite Unit (Provisional)—known as \"Merrill's Marauders\", and then reflagged as the 475th Infantry, then later as the 75th Infantry.


Alphabet Agencies
The Alphabet Agencies were created as part of the New Deal, and their mission was to help combat the Great Depression. A handful of agencies, like the Tennessee Valley Authority were established by Congress. Other agencies, like the Work Progress Administration, were created through the use of executive orders from President Franklin D. Roosevelt. A handful of Alphabet Agencies, also known as the Alphabet Soup, exist in the modern day like the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
Social Security Act
The Social Security Act was enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt as a means to support elderly citizens. The law helped dramatically reduce the rate of poverty among the elderly. Led by Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins, the law also set up unemployment insurance which provided direct payments to the unemployed.  Social security and unemployment were funded on payroll taxes, supported by the employed and their employers. In 1937, the Social Security Act was deemed constitutional by in two separate cases.
National Labor Relations Act
The National Labor Relations Act was passed by Congress and guaranteed private sector employees to organize into non-company run unions, which would collectively bargain and take actions like strikes. The Act was enforced by the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), which continues to exist. The National Labor Relations Act was heavily opposed by Republicans and big businesses and in 1937 was ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court.
Nation on Wheels
Nation on Wheels
Expand Administration Work
Expand Administration Work
National Youth Administration
The National Youth Administration (NYA) is a sub-division of the Work Progress Administration.  The NYA was created with the objective of preventing high school and university students from dropping out before earning their degrees. Students received grants to continue their education in exchange for part-time work.
Support HUAC
The House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC) was a committee in the House of Representatives created to investigate the alleged disloyalty and subversive activities of citizens, public employees, and organizations suspected of having ties to fascism and communism. The HUAC investigated allegations of a fascist plot known as the “Business Plot”. The committee ended up looking into numerous other agencies and people, including the Federal Theater Project for communism and the American Gentile League for Nazism and antisemitism.
Judicial Procedures Reform Bill
The Supreme Court has ruled a number of New Deal era agencies and laws unconstitutional. In response, President Roosevelt proposed to appoint up to six new justices for every member of the court over the age of 70 years and 6 months. Though the “court-packing-plan” failed and never received a floor vote in the House or Senate, the Supreme Court, always aware of political realities, began finding New Deal legislation constitutional.
Begins a 2-part national Spirit
Remove §YDust Bowl§! effects
Triborough Bridge
Triborough Bridge
Second New Deal Begins
Second New Deal Begins
Complete Boulder Dam
The Boulder Dam, later renamed the 'Hoover Dam' in 1947, was constructed on the Colorado River along the Arizona and New Mexico border. The Black Canyon, where the dam was constructed, had long been a proposed site to construct a dam which would control floods, provide irrigation, and generate hydroelectric power. The dam provides power to Nevada, Arizona, and California and remains a major tourist attraction to this day.
Pittsburgh Flood Recovery
Pittsburgh Flood Recovery
Rural Electrification Administration
In 1934, less than 11 percent of farms in the United States farms had electricity, compared to rates near 90 percent in France and Germany. The Rural Electrification Administration was created to provide loans to rural organizations to help creating power systems. By 1942, the number of farms with power had increased to 50 percent, and almost 100 percent by 1952. The REA, was later absorbed into the Rural Utilities Services, which provides loans for new infrastructure and improvements, like water, waste treatment, electric, and telecommunication services. 
Dust Bowl Recovery
Dust Bowl Recovery
Drought Relief Service
The Drought Relief Service was established to help coordinate relief activities in response to the Dust Bowl, which had ravaged the Great Plains. The DRS primarily bought cattle that were in danger of starvation due to drought. Cattle that were deemed fit for consumption were slaughtered and delivered by the Federal Surplus Relief Corporation to families nationwide. The DRS helped many farmers and ranchers avoid bankruptcy, as cattle were purchased between $14 and $20 a head.
"Soil Conservation Service" #Soil Conservation Committee
"The Soil Conservation Service was pioneered by Hugh Hammond Bennett, who had studied the effects of soil erosion and impacts of agriculture. The goal of the Soil Conservation Service was to assist farmers and ranchers on techniques to preserve soil and rotate the use of crops. Initially part of the Department of the Interior, the service was transferred to the Department of Agriculture where it continues on today as the National Resources Conservation Service." #Soil Conservation Committee
Great Plains Shelterbelt
The Great Plains Shelterbelt, also known as the Prairie States Forestry Project, was a project to plant trees which would create windbreaks and help prevent soil erosion and drought. The project was spearheaded by the US Forest Service, which helped plant trees at the perimeters of farms to reduce wind velocity and lessen evaporation of moisture. By 1942, 220 million trees had been planted including a 100-mile-wide zone from the Canadian border to the Brazos River in New Mexico.
Resettlement Administration
The Resettlement Administration (RA) was the brainchild of economics professor Rexford G. Tugwell, who wanted to move people from agriculturally exhausted land. Established by Executive Order, the Organization was divided into Rural Rehabilitation, Rural Resettlement, Land Utilization, and Suburban Resettlement. The agency was given a small budget and only accomplished limited goals. The RA would be later be transferred to the control of the Department of Agriculture and succeeded by the Farm Security Administration, which itself was dissolved in 1946.
Form US Maritime Commission
The United States Maritime Commission (MARCOM) was created by the Merchant Marine Act and replaced the United States Shipping Board, which had existed since the Great War. MARCOM was created to facilitate the design and construction of five-hundred modern merchant cargo ships to replace vintage vessels. By end of the Second World War, shipyards under MARCOM had built nearly 6,000 oceangoing merchant and naval ships. The commission was abolished in 1950, its responsibilities divided between the Federal Maritime Commission and the Merchant Marine Academy.
Land Rehabitation
Land Rehabitation
Build Relief Camps
Build Relief Camps
Agricultural Adjustments Admin.
Since the start of the Great Depression, farmers faced severe economic situations because of overproduction and a small international market, all which had greatly reduced agricultural prices. The Agricultural Adjustments Administration was created to boost agricultural prices. First passed in 1933, wheat, corn, hogs, rice, tobacco, and milk were labeled as basic commodities. Additional amendments expanded the list of commodities covered by the Act. In United States v. Butler, the Supreme Court ruled the Agricultural Adjustment Act unconstitutional. In 1938, new AAA was passed, which resolved the technical issues from the Supreme Court’s decision.
Civilian Conservation Corps
The Civilian Conservation Corps, partially based on New York State’s Temporary Emergency Relief Administration, was a program designed to put unemployed, unmarried men ages 18-25 to work on federal, state, and local lands. The men, which eventually was expanded to ages 17-28, provided manual labor for the conservation and development of natural resources. Maximum employment at any one time was 300,000, with over three million having served by the program’s end in 1942. Reserve and regular army officers were in charge of CCC camps and when the draft began, CCC alumni were made corporals and sergeants in the Army.
Puerto Rico Reconstruction Admin.
The Puerto Rico Reconstruction Administration was created under the authority of the Department of the Interior and Farm Security Administration. The creation of the PRRA was in response to hurricanes, which devastated the island’s raw sugar and coffee production and drop in demand caused by the Great Depression. The island was provided numerous grants and loans focused on job creation, land distribution, public work projects, health initiatives, and restoring the environment. The agency was dissolved in 1955.
Farm Credit Administration
The Farm Credit Administration was created by Executive Order as an independent agency of the executive branch. The FCA’s mission was to help farmers and ranchers refinance their mortgages to below-market interest rates at regional and national banks. The Emergency Farm Mortgage Act, part of the FCA, loaned funds to help prevent farmers and ranchers from losing their properties. The Farm Credit Administration has survived into the modern day.
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
During the Great Depression, many banks failed and bank runs, when clients pulled out all their money were common. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was created by Congress to provide insurance to cover up to $2,500 in a depositor’s bank account. The FDIC, which protects commercial banks, receives an insurance fee from the bank and has a line of credit with the Department of the Treasury. A similar organization, the Federal Credit Unions (later National Credit Union Administration) provided similar coverage for members of credit unions.
Federal Emergency Relief Administration
The Federal Emergency Relief Administration built upon President Hoover’s Emergency Relief and Construction Act, which had provided loans to the states to operate relief programs. The FERA primary goal was to help reduce household unemployment by creating new unskilled jobs in local and state governments. The FERA would be dissolved and eventually replaced by the Works Progress Administration.
Surplus Commodities Corporation
The Federal Surplus Commodities Corporation, also known as the Federal Surplus Relief Corporation, was created to divert agricultural commodities from the open market to families in need. The program sent tons of food products and tons of coal to workers in high unemployment states. The program would eventually be expanded to providing federal contribution to school lunch programs. The Surplus Commodities Corporation was abolished in 1942, but various purchases and distributions of food by the federal government continues into the modern day under the Emergency Food Assistance Program.
Farm Security Administration
Farm Security Administration
Power to the President
The New Deal greatly expanded the powers of the Presidency and the federal government, which increased tensions between the federal and state governments. The New Deal was viewed as fascist because of the involvement of big businesses. At the same time conservative and far-right groups viewed the New Deal as a socialist and communist takeover of the government. The New Deal ended up helping create the Imperial Presidency and strengthened the Executive Branch to meet crises in a new age.
Houses for Resettlements
Houses for Resettlements
Federal Housing Administration
During the Great Depression, many banks failed and caused a dramatic decrease in the number of home loans and ownership. Banks forced lenders to retrieve the mortgages; with no refinancing available and massive unemployment, the housing market was in crisis. The National Housing Act created the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) whose mission was to insure mortgages of lenders of single, multifamily properties, along with hospitals and residential care facilities. The FHA lending practices were restricted to white Americans.
Home Owners' Loan Corporation
The Home Owners’ Loan Corporation (HOLC) was created by the Home Owners’ Loan Corporation Act with the purpose to refinance mortgages currently in default and prevent foreclosures. The system worked by HOLC issuing bonds and then using the bonds to purchase mortgage loans from the lenders. HOLC provided a little over one million loans, typically to borrowers who were 2 years behind on their payments. About 20% of loans were foreclosed upon, the properties were refurbished and rented out. A side-effect of HOLC was redlining, which further segregated the population.
Fireside Chats
President Roosevelt believed a key to his success was speaking directly to the people, and since his opponents controlled the majority of the country’s newspapers, he turned to radio. The first fireside chat began as Governor of New York in 1929. As president, the first fireside chat came eight days after his inauguration and addressed the banking crisis and his actions to address the situation. From 1933 to 1944, FDR would given 30 Fireside Chats. An estimated 62 million people listened to FDR’s December 9th, 1941 chat.
Public Works Administration
The Public Works Administration (PWA) was created by the National Industrial Recovery Act and headed by Secretary of the Interior, Harold L. Ickes. Over the course of 1933 to 1945, the PWA spent 7 billion dollars on the construction of dams, bridges, hospitals, schools, and airports. Major projects include the Boulder Dam (Hoover Dam), Lincoln Tunnel under the Hudson River, LaGuardia Airport, and the Overseas Highway connecting Key West Florida. The PWA was responsible for building key infrastructure that would help raise Americans standards of living and was the most popular New Deal program.
Securities Exchange Commission
The authority for the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) was established by two acts of Congress to regulate stock securities across state line and the secondary market for stocks. Prior to the establishment of the SEC, financial transactions were governed by blue sky laws with each state having different reporting requirements. The first SEC Commissioner was Joseph P. Kennedy, who hired two young lawyers William Douglas and Abe Fortas to help regulate the markets.
Farm Security Administration
Farm Security Administration
Federal Project Number One
Federal Project Number One served as the collective name for a group of projects under the Works Progress Administration. Twenty-seven million dollars were allocated for the employment of artists, musicians, actors, and writers. About 40,000 people were employed in five divisions, the Art Project, Music Project, Theater Project, Writers’ Project, and Historical Records Survey. There were concerns that government funding would lead to censorship and violation of freedom of speech, at the same time the HUAC believed the program was infiltrated by communists. One of the most famous writers from the Federal Writers’ Project is John Steinbeck’s The Grapes of Wrath.
Revitalize Route 66
Route 66, which ran from Chicago, Illinois through Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and terminated in Santa Monica, California, was one of the nation’s first highways. By the time of the New Deal, the highway needed alignments to adjust for urban populations. Additional funds were released for these projects and to complete the paving of the highway. In 1985, the Route 66 was officially decommissioned.
Infrastructure Development of Midwest and South
The infrastructure of this country is in an abysmal state, under authority of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) we can put unemployed men to work in building roads, bridges, public and military buildings. One of the biggest undertakings in the Midwest and South was the construction of the Riverwalk in San Antonino, which helped preserve the town’s river.
Infrastructure Development of West
The infrastructure of this country is in an abysmal state, under authority of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) we can put unemployed men to work in building roads, bridges, public and military buildings. One of the biggest undertakings in the West was the construction of Timberline Lodge on Mount Hood in Oregon.
Infrastructure Development of North and East
The infrastructure of this country is in an abysmal state, under authority of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) we can put unemployed men to work in building roads, bridges, public and military buildings. One of the biggest undertakings in the Mid-Atlantic and East was the construction of LaGuardia Airport in New York.
Housing Act
Housing Act
Adult Education Programs
Part of the Federal Emergency Relief Administration (FERA) and later Works Progress Administration (WPA) focused on workers and adult education. The programs focused on the study of economic and social problems from a workers’ perspective. Over the course of three phases in education programs, about 2,000 teachers were employed and one million adults received an education.
Expand Housing Programs
Expand Housing Programs
Federal Crop Insurance Corporation
Federal Crop Insurance Corporation
Tennessee Valley Authority
The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) was created by Congressional charter to assist the local population by providing navigation, flood control, electricity, fertilizer and other economic development in the states of Tennessee, and portions of Alabama, Mississippi, and Kentucky. Senator George Norris (R-Nebraska) was fundamental in the development of publicly controlled utilities companies like the TVA and BPA.
Housing Development of North-East
Housing Development of North-East
National Railway Expansion
National Railway Expansion
Bonneville Power Administration
The Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) was founded by an act of Congress to administer electricity in the Pacific Northwest. The construction of the Bonneville Dam on the Columbia River served multiple purposes, primarily for generating electricity and river navigation. The dam is named after Captain Benjamin Bonneville, an early explorer credited with charting the Oregon Trail.
United States Housing Authority
The United States Housing Authority (USHA) was created by the Housing Act of 1937 to lend money to state and local governments for the construction of residences for low-income and homeless people. The private sector feared nationalized housing and made sure the law avoided competition between private sector and public sector housing by having income limits determining the decency of public housing. The public housing projects were also racially segregated. The USHA was renamed the Federal Public Housing Authority in 1942 and replaced by the Public Housing Authority in 1947. The PHA was abolished and the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) took over public housing.
Begins housing projects across the US, leading to economic growth.\nThis will result in the construction of §Y14 Civilian Factories§! across the US at a rate of §Y1 per 2 months§!.
Housing Development of Midwest
Housing Development of Midwest
Federal Art Project
Federal Art Project
Federal Music Project
Federal Music Project
Federal Writers Project
Federal Writers Project
Federal Theater Project
Federal Theater Project
WPA Guide for New York
WPA Guide for New York
Declare Decrease in Unemployment
Declare Decrease in Unemployment
£tech_mod End of The Great Depression
By 1938 due to increased government spending and construction on public housing, foreclosure and mortgage relief, infrastructure construction and repair, and the beginnings of military building, the economy began to show signs of recovery and unemployment numbers were dropping. Economic recovery would now fully take off until the German invasion of France. When Britain began paying for their war materials in gold, the gold flow and monetary base further stimulated in the economic recovery. The outbreak of the war started one of the greatest booms in American history.
The Worst Is Over
The Worst Is Over
National Resources Planning Board
The National Resources Planning Board was established by President Roosevelt under Executive Order. The board served as an advisory committee for natural resources and published analysis and land-use planning reports. The committee coordinated with other federal, state, and local governments.
American Economy Reborn
American Economy Reborn
Clinton Engineer Works
Clinton Engineer Works
The Beast of America
The Beast of America
Declare Economic Mobilization
Declare Economy Mobilization
Propaganda Effort
Propaganda Effort
War Production Board
War Production Board
Do With Less So They'll Have Enough
Do With Less So They'll Have Enough
War Rationing
War Rationing
Women Encouraged
Women Encouraged
War Food Garden
War Food Garden
We Can Do It!
We Can Do It!
No One Left Behind
No One Left Behind
Feed the War Machine
Feed the War Machine
Spare Your Cars
Spare Your Cars
Save Fat for Bombs
Save Fat for Bombs
Salvage for Victory
Salvage for Victory
Dollars for Defense
Dollars for Defense
The Detroit Arsenal Tank Plant
Established under Chrysler, the Detroit Arsenal Tank Plant was the first facility dedicated to the mass production of tanks in the United States. Constructed on 113 acres in Warren, Michigan, a populous suburb of Detroit, the facility was designed with a dual purpose to first construct armaments and peaceful civilian production. The facility was completed in a record 13 months and the first tanks rumbled off production lines before plant construction was finished. The Detroit Arsenal Tank Plant ended up building a quarter of the close to 90,000 overall tanks and eventually closed in 1996.
Establish Willow Run Air Plant
Establish Willow Run Air Plant
Establish Seattle Air Plant
Establish Seattle Air Plant
Establish Douglas Air Plant
Establish Douglas Air Plant
Expand Detroit Arsenal Tank Plant
Expand Detroit Arsenal Tank Plant
Contract Ford & General Motors
Yeah that's right! Say hello to Ford, and General ******* Motors!
Steel Mills
Steel Mills
Expand Springfield Armory
The Springfield Armory has been around since 1777 and served as the nation’s primary center of manufacturing of firearms. During the Great War, America lacked the capability to effectively mass produce enough firearms to arm its soldiers and relied on Allied nations. During the lead up to the Second World War, the budget would be increased 250% allowing for new and upgraded facilities and improved production practices. Over the course of the war, the Springfield Armory would produce 3.1 million M1 Garand rifles. In 1968, the Springfield Armory was closed.
Expand Ore Deposits
Expand Ore Deposits
Expand More Ore Deposits
Expand More Ore Deposits
US-USSR Economic Cooperation
Despite its chaotic and bloody birth, the Soviet Union has achieved remarkable progress in building a modern, industrialized society. We should do our part to help them.
Batista's Loyalty
Cuban president, Fulgencio Batista's loyalties were in question until this new war began, and he showed firm support for the United States' cause. Perhaps we can gain more form this relationship...
Secure Cuba
Cuba sits at a strategically important point in the western hemisphere, mid-war to the South American Continent. None but the US will have access to such important positions in our backyard.
Rubber Requisition
Rubber Requisition
Synthetic Industry Development
Synthetic Industry Development
More Synthetic Industry Development
More Synthetic Industry Development
Target Resource Independence
Target Resource Independence
Fill Up the Engines With Fuel
Fill Up the Engines With Fuel
High Quality Fuel
High Quality Fuel
Fortress Concept
General ‘Billy’ Mitchell of the Army Air Corps was the leading advocate for strategic bombing prior to his death in 1936 and his ideas gave rise to the so-called ‘Bomber-Mafia’ – Air Corps leaders who continued to push the concept. The B-17 took flight in 1935 and was dubbed the ‘Flying Fortress’ for its formidable air defenses. Capable of flying faster then any fighter in the US arsenal at the time, it was deemed impregnable in the air – the perfect weapon that would prove the Air Corps could end wars with strategic bombing - and without escort fighters.
Expansion of Army Air Corps
Expansion of Army Air Corps
Subsidize Air Production Companies
Subsidize Air Production Companies
Long Range Strategic Bombing
Long Range Strategic Bombing
Long Range Strategic Bombing Doctrine
Following the belief of General “Billy” Mitchell, the so called ‘Bomber Mafia’ who led the US Army Air Corps advocated for strategic bombing as the key to defeating the axis powers. In contrast to the RAF however, the US was determined to hit Industrial and Military targets in mainland Europe using the famed ‘Mighty Eighth’ Air Force to do so from bases in England and the Twelfth Air Force from North Africa and Italy as the war progressed. From 1942 the US conducted strategic bombing against European targets with raids against Japanese home islands beginning in 1944 with the introduction of the B-29.
Ground Support
Ground Support
Support Douglas
With the Army Air Corps focus on strategic bombing in the lead up to WWII, close air support had stagnated in US doctrine. The war in Europe however showed that CAS had an important role to play and as such Air support commander began to be assigned to ground combat units in the lead up to the invasion of North Africa. Throughout the campaign the need for better CAS integration became more widely realized and fighter aircraft began flying interdiction and strafing attacks against ground targets.
Guided Weapons
The US’ first foray into rockets began in the mid-1930s at universities hoping to study the upper atmosphere. This led to the Army Air Corps to request research in jet assisted takeoff, work on which was urgently increased following reports of the German Rocket program. The German V1 served as a catalyst to the US rocket program with the US producing its first ‘JB-2’ from salvaged V1 parts. Multiple companies would come together during the war to advance US research in this field – the famous ‘Jet propulsion laboratory’ was established during this period in California.
Support Boeing
Founded in 1916, Boeing Airplane company got its start building flying boats before becoming the leading manufacturer of fighter aircraft for the US in the 1920s. With the rise of passenger air travel the company began producing larger and heavier aircraft resulting in the first bomber models in the 1930s. Though initially spurned by the Air Corps, the B-17 would become the most famous US Bomber of the war. By investing in Boeing, we can ensure new and improved designs can quickly enter frontline service.
Support Consolidated
Founded in 1923, Consolidated Aircraft is well known for its flying boats whose PBY Catalinas serve as the backbone of the US Maritime Patrol Aircraft fleet. Following work with Boeing, the Consolidated put forward a plan for the B-24 Liberator – a four engine bomber that can fly faster, longer, higher and with a greater bomb load then the Boeing B-17. By investing in Consolidated we can ensure new and improved designs continue to enter frontline service.
Modernize B-17
Modernize B-17
Analyzing Bomber Experience
Analyzing Bomber Experience
B-24
Designed to improve upon the design of the B-17, the aircraft saw service in all theaters of the war and was extremely useful for its versatility – including tactical bombing and anti-submarine warfare. Its longer range saw it used extensively from bases in Africa as well as in the Pacific. The B-24 served effectively, played a pivotal role in the air war, and became loved by its crews of all nations that flew it.
B-29
Realizing the B-17 would be unsuitable for the long distances involved in the Pacific Theater, the Air Corps called for a radical new ‘super bomber’ which Boeing pursued with its own funds. The first prototype of what would become the B-29 Superfortress flew in September of 1942 with radically advanced features for the time. Pressure to deliver and the advanced features led to numerous delays with necessary modifications which slowed aircraft’s introduction significantly. The B-29 entered combat in 1944 and began to hit the Japanese islands for the first time since the Doolittle raid of 1942.
Fighter Effort
The Army Air Corps belatedly realized its fighter force was woefully inadequate to the current models in the skies of Europe and sought to modernize in the mid-1930s. Though early monoplanes were obsolete by the time they entered service, the approaching of war spurred further development of newer models such as the P-39 Airacobra, the P-40 Warhawk and the P-38 Lightening which all flew by 1939.
CAS Effort
With the Army Air Corps focus on strategic bombing in the lead up to WWII, close air support had stagnated in US doctrine. The war in Europe however showed that CAS had an important role to play and as such Air support commander began to be assigned to ground combat units in the lead up to the invasion of North Africa. Throughout the campaign the need for better CAS integration became more widely realized and fighter aircraft began flying interdiction and strafing attacks against ground targets.
North American Aviation
Originally founded in 1928, the company began manufacturing operations in 19334. NAA geared up for war and its T-6 Texan became the most widely produced trainer ever, totaling over 17,000 units. The company achieved wide success as well with the B-25 Mitchell which was used in the Doolittle Raid of 1942 and saw combat in all theaters. NAAs greatest achievement was probably the P-51 Mustang which, once fitted with a Rolls-Royce Merlin engine, became the greatest US fighter of the war and arguably one of the greatest aircraft of all time.
Rolls-Royce Effort
During the development of the P-51 Mustang, RAF test pilots were favorably impressed with the aircraft but noted a significant decrease in performance above 15,000ft where much of the fighting was then taking place. Ronald Harker, an RR test pilot, suggested the aircraft be fitted with a Merlin 61which gave the aircraft a top speed of 440mph up to 28,000ft. The US adopted this and the P-51B began equipping the 8th and 9th air forces in 1943-44.
Support Grumman
Founded in 1929, the company began producing naval biplanes and became the primary producer of aircraft for the USN. Grumman had the distinction of producing more aircraft for the US than any other company during the war, delivering 654 in March 1945 alone. The major aircraft of the war from Grumman were the F4F Wildcat, F6F Hellcat, and the TBF Avenger each of which played a pivotal role in the Pacific Theater. – the F4F in fact being credited by some as the aircraft that saved the US war in the Pacific.
Adopt New Type of Sea Combat
The vulnerabilities of major capital ships to aircraft were exposed during the 1920s which resulted in the rise of naval aviation. The Japanese ‘Kido Butai’ proved the striking capability of a carrier-based fleet and, following the loss of the majority of US Battleships in the Attack on Pearl Harbor, the US turned to expanding its own Carrier based fleet. Validation of the new US focus was provided with the major victory at the battle of Midway in 1942. The aircraft carrier changed the face of naval warfare and became the primary asset of any major fleet through the second world war.
USAAF Expansion
USAAF Expansion
Higgins Boats
The Marine’s call for a landing craft was answered by Andrew J. Higgins of Eureka Tug-Boat Company of New Orleans, Louisiana. The majority plywood Landing Craft Personnel Large (LCP(L)) was adopted by the allies and saw widespread use. The craft was further developed into other variants, the most widely known and produced being the Landing Craft Vehicle Personnel (LCVP) with more then 23,000 eventually built." USA_developing_weapons:5"Develop New Weapons
With war on horizon, the United States Army understood that it had outdated equipment and began a development process. The development focused on new small arms, ultimately resulting in the adoption of the M1 Garand as the standard-issue rifle. In tank warfare, the United States lacked concepts and work began on the M3 medium tanks, which would eventually lead to the adoption of the M4 Sherman. Funds were also allocated for the research into rocket technology
Rethink the War Doctrine
Rethink the War Doctrine
Develop Tanks
Develop Tanks
Fuel Engines
Fuel Engines
Foreign Tank Inspirations
With the German invasion of Western Europe in 1940, the US came to the realization that its tank design was woefully inadequate to face modern armor. German propaganda of its ‘blitzkrieg’ pushed the US to fully motorize and reimagine tank design – specifically that battle tanks be armed with a minimum of a 75mm gun to be able to match German armor. This led directly to the development of the US Main medium tank of the war, the M4 Sherman.
The Army's Medium Tank
Developed from the M3, the M4 Sherman took the proven 75/76mm main gun and placed it into a fully moveable turret with other new features that made the vehicle fast, dependable, and multi capable in providing support or breakthrough to US armored forces. The tank continued to be developed over the course of the war, improving its lethality and dependability. Over 49,000 units were produced over the course of the war.
£tech_mod War Has Changed
War Has Changed
Shadow Schemes
The Shadows Schemes, similar to plans devised by the British government, were developed to help streamline the production of parts critical to the war effort. The construction of new facilities was in the shadow of existing vehicle production plants. This closeness would help facilitate the transfer of technology and war material construction efforts.
Realize Army Incompetence
Realize Army Incompetence
Social Security Act
The Social Security Act was enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt as a means to support elderly citizens. The law helped dramatically reduce the rate of poverty among the elderly. Led by Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins, the law also set up unemployment insurance which provided direct payments to the unemployed.  Social security and unemployment were funded on payroll taxes, supported by the employed and their employers. In 1937, the Social Security Act was deemed constitutional by in two separate cases.
Cash and Carry
Cash and Carry
War is Coming
War is Coming
Supplement the Army with National Guards
Deploys 18 National Guard divisions, each with §Y12 Infantry§! and §Y2 Motorized Artillery§! battalions.\nThese units will need to be equipped.\n
The United States Regular Army (RA) served as a small corps of professional leaders and soldiers who were no match for fighting a modern war. In August 1940, the National Guard was ordered into federal service for 12 months. More than 400,000 guardsmen were called up serving in divisions, non-divisional units, and Army Air Force squadrons. The calling up of the National Guard doubled the size of the United States Army (USA). National Guard units were some of the first units to see defensive and offensive combat at Pearl Harbor and Guadalcanal.
Expand the Army Corps of Engineers
The United States Army Corps of Engineers was greatly expanded in the lead up to war and during the war. With an increased budget, the USACE, involved more than 27,00 military and industrial projects, including aircraft and tank assembly, Los Alamos, and the Pentagon. The Corps also became the federal agency responsible for navigation and flood control. In combat, specially trained Engineer Combat Battalions were responsible for pontoon bridges, demolition, water supply, clearing debris and wreckage, and infrastructure to support the movement and supply of troops.
Division of Professional and Service Objects
Division of Professional and Service Objects
£tech_mod The Pentagon
Limited office space for the Department of War has been a serious issue since the First World War. With the next great conflict on the horizon, America's combat forces cannot be scrambling to mobilize with inadequate command and control. We will raise the greatest command center on Earth, to prosecute the conflict with utmost efficiency.
Bonneville Dam
Bonneville Dam
The Quarantine Speech
The Quarantine Speech was given by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt in Chicago (on the occasion of the dedication of the bridge between north and south outer Lake Shore Drive), calling for an international \"quarantine\" against the \"epidemic of world lawlessness\" by aggressive nations as an alternative to the political climate of American neutrality and non-intervention that was prevalent at the time. The speech intensified America's isolationist mood, causing protest by non-interventionists and foes to intervene. No countries were directly mentioned in the speech, although it was interpreted as referring to the Empire of Japan, the Kingdom of Italy, and Nazi Germany. Roosevelt suggested the use of economic pressure, a forceful response, but less direct than outright aggression. Public response to the speech was mixed

  
§!
§RThis Focus is currently a work in progress. It doesn't do anything right now, but it will be added in a future update.§!


§OCompleting this focus while at peace will drastically reduce Stability and War Support!§!
The Battle of Cable Street has happened.
Deploy Canadian Armored Division.\n§RWill increase Canada's liberty desire!
Rally the British Indian Army.\n§RWill increase Indias's liberty desire!
Deploy the Home Guard volunteer divisions on the British Isles.
Secure Morocco

Old Alliances

Deploy Australian and New Zealand Infantry Divisions.\n§RWill increase Australia's and New Zealand's liberty desire!
Has completed two of the following focuses: \n      §YArmy Rearmament \n      Air Rearmament \n      Naval Rearmament§!
§RFrance has chosen to remain neutral in this conflict.§!
§RIf you complete§! §YPrioritize Royal Navy 1936§! §Ryou will receive these additional rewards:§!
§RIf you complete§! §YPrioritize Royal Airforce 1936§! §Ryou will receive these additional rewards:§!
§RIf you complete§! §YPrioritize British Army 1936§! §Ryou will receive these additional rewards:§!
§RIf you complete all three of the following focuses:§!\n§Y   Land Mobilization§!\n§Y   Air Mobilization§!\n§Y   Navy Mobilization§!\n §RYou will receive the following rewards:§!
§RIf you complete§! §YPrioritize Royal Navy 1938§! §Ryou will receive these additional rewards:§!
§RIf you complete§! §YPrioritize Royal Airforce 1938§! §Ryou will receive these additional rewards:§!
§RIf you complete§! §YPrioritize British Army 1938§! §Ryou will receive these additional rewards:§!
§RIf §YGermany§! makes any further territorial demands and we choose NOT to intervene, the following penalties will happen:§!
§YUnited Kingdom§! decalres war on §YNationalist Spain§!.

Prioritize British Army 1936
The British Army is large, but it is spread out amongst our many colonies. In order to field a proper offensive force, we must expand our forces and equip them with new weapons.
Prioritize Royal Airforce 1936
The Royal Airforce has fallen behind those of other European powers. We are still using the same bi-planes that were deployed in the Great War. We must research and manufacture modern aircraft to keep up with the world's emerging threats.
Prioritize Royal Navy  1936
The Royal Navy is still the world's best navy. However, new naval developments in Japan, the United States, Italy, and Germany are threatening our supremacy. The Royal Navy is the last line of defence we have of protecting Britain, we must quickly build modern warships or else risk invasion!
Army Rearmament
While having a top-notch navy and airforce are important, it is also essential that we do not neglect our regular army. They will need new and better equipment if another Great War were to break out.
Revitalize Naval Industry
Direct more funding towards the Royal Navy so we can more quickly construct modern warships.
RAF Shadow Scheme Factories
Expand the Shadow Scheme factories to include some aircraft manufacturing facilities.
Modernize Carrier Aircraft
In order for our carriers to be useful, they will need to be equiped with modern aircraft. We should devote some time and resources to designing and building newer and better planes for our carriers.
1938 Rearmament Programme
Continue the Rearmarment Programme.
Prioritize British Army 1938
The British Army is large, but it is spread out amongst our many colonies. In order to field a proper offensive army, we must expand our forces and equip them with new weapons.
Prioritize Royal Airforce 1938
The Royal Airforce has fallen behind those of other European powers. We are still using the same bi-planes that were deployed in the Great War. We must research and manufacture modern aircraft to keep up with the world's emerging threats.
Prioritize Royal Navy  1938
The Royal Navy is still the world's best navy. However, new naval developments in Japan, the United States, Italy, and Germany are threatening our supremacy. The Royal Navy is the last line of defence we have of protecting Britain, we must quickly build modern warships or else risk invasion!
Army Mobilization
 
Airforce Mobilization
 
Naval Mobilization
 
Upgrade Army Support Equipment
The British Army needs new support equipment!
Royal Parachute Regiment
We've seen other nations deploy parachute regiments to great effect. We should develop our own airborn regiments.
RAF Ace Programme
 
Hawker's Typhoon Multi-Role Fighter
 
Bristol's Heavy Fighter
 
Avro's Strategic Bomber
Contract Avro to help us research new heavy bombers to strike our enemies from the safety of our island.
De Havilland's Mosquito Bomber
 
Fairey Carrier Aircraft
Carrier warfare is advancing at an unprecedented rate. We will soon need even newer and better carrier aircraft if your navy is to remain competitive.
First BBC Television Broadcast
Regularly scheduled electronically scanned television began from Alexandra Palace in London on 2 November 1936 to just a few hundred viewers in the immediate area.  It was reaching an estimated 25,00040,000 homes before the outbreak of World War II which caused the service to be suspended in September 1939.\n\nThe VHF broadcasts would have provided an ideal radio beacon for German bombers homing in on London, and the engineers and technicians of the service would be needed for the war effort, the RADAR program.
Industrial Effort II
Continue our efforts to build up civilian industry.
Intervene in the Spanish Civil War
Even though our people do not want to go to war, we must not allow fascism to grow in any nation. We will intervene in the Spanish Civil War on the side of the republicans and push the fascists out of Spain!
Begin Press Censorship
In order to have peace in our time, we must keep some information away from the people. If we play our cards correctly, level heads will previal.
Early Mobilization
 
Activate Shadow Factories
 
Partial Mobilization
 
£tech_mod Industrial Research
Our investments in industry have paid off. Our research options are now expanded.
Upgrade Old Battleships
The Navy still has almost a dozen old battleships that served in the Great War, but they are approaching obsolescence. We should refit them with new radar and AA weapons to expand their combat capabilites. NOTE: Old battleships will be removed from their current fleets and will be refitted at England.
Peace Has Failed
Our enemies have crossed the line and we must take a stand before it is too late. We shall marshall all that we have and vanquish our enemies.
Blockade Germany
We have the strongest navy on the planet, we will use to stop all trade to maritime trade to Germany. We will starve them into submission.
Defend the Commonwealth
We are at war and our colonies are protectorates are in mortal danger. No British subjects, whether they live in London or on the other side of the world shall fall to our enemies!
The British Expeditionary Force
Form the British Expeditionary Force
Defend Australia
The Japanese have overrun much of the Pacific. Australia is our line in the sand, it must not fall!
Seek Help from the Americans
Even after years of rearmament we still lack critical equipment to fight this war. The Americans helped us during the last Great War, our friends from accross the Atlantic will surely aid us again.
Purchase American Fighters
Rosevelt has offered to sell us some old fighters despite objections from the American Congress. We should quickly accept this offer before they change their minds.
Purchase American Light Tanks
The Americans have agreed to sell us some of their old light tanks.
Purchase American Medium Tanks
The Americans have agreed to sell us some of their Sherman medium tanks.
See to the Home Front
Our people are not happy with the outbreak of war. We must inspire patriotism in our populace if we are to weather this storm.
The People's War
We didn't choose this war, but we shall win it!
Propaganda Posters
The people shall be constantly reminded of the war effort.
Women's Land Army
The Women's Land Army (WLA) was a British civilian organisation created during World War II so women could work in agriculture, reviving a disbanded World War One organisation and replacing men called up to the military. Women who worked for the WLA were commonly known as Land Girls. In effect the Land Army operated to place women with farms that needed workers, the farmers being their employers. They picked crops and did all the jobs that the men would do. Notable members include Joan Quennell, later a Member of Parliament.
National Registration Act
The Act established a National Register which began operating on 29 September 1939 (National Registration Day), a system of identity cards, and a requirement that they must be produced on demand or presented to a police station within 48 hours. Some 45 million identity cards were issued over the course of World War 2.\n\nThree main reasons for the introduction of the identity cards were:\n\n1. The major dislocation of the population caused by mobilisation and mass evacuation and also the wartime need for complete manpower control and planning in order to maximise the efficiency of the war economy.\n2. The likelihood of rationing (introduced from January 1940 onwards).\n3. Population statistics. As the last census had been held in 1931, there was little accurate data on which to base vital planning decisions. The National Register was in fact an instant census and the National Registration Act closely resembles the Census Act 1920 in many ways.
Emergency Conscription
Britain is breached! All loyal subjects are to stand and fight!
BBC Cricket on the Telly
BBC Radio was the first broadcaster to cover every ball of a Test match. Live cricket had been broadcast since 1927, but originally it was thought that Test match cricket was too slow for ball-by-ball commentary to work. However, Seymour de Lotbiniere ("Lobby"), who was responsible for live sports coverage and who went on to become an outstanding head of outside broadcasts at the BBC, realised that ball-by-ball commentary could make compelling radio. In the mid-1930s he got Howard Marshall to begin commentating on cricket, rather than only giving reports. From the mid-1930s to the 1950s the amount of ball-by-ball commentary gradually increased, but it was not until TMS was launched in 1957 that every ball was covered for their British audience. \n\nRobert Hudson was responsible for the launch of TMS, writing to his Outside Broadcasts boss Charles Max-Muller in 1956, proposing broadcasting full ball-by-ball coverage of Tests rather than only covering fixed periods, and suggesting using the Third Programme (as BBC Radio 3 was then known) frequency, since at that time the Third Programme only broadcast in the evening.
Requisition Civilian Clothing
 
Canadian Armored Division
 
ANZAC Divisions
 
British Indian Army
The British Indian Army was the main military force of the British Raj before it’s disbandment in 1947 when India achieved independence. Units from the Indian Army played key roles during the war – defending Africa, supporting the invasion of Iraq and Iran, and even serving in the Pacific theater. At the outbreak of the Second World War, the Indian Army numbered 205,000 men. Later on during the Second World War the Indian Army would become the largest all-volunteer force in history, rising to over 2.5 million men in size.
Seek Help Abroad
Try as we might, our own industry and manpower simply isn't enough to combat our foes. We must look to our colonies and our international friends to aid our war efforts.
Britain Stands Alone
The unthinkable has happened, France has fallen! As the German Juggernaut rolls throughout Europe, the fate of Britain is uncertain. If we must face the Germans alone, then that is what we shall do.
A Motorized Army
Recently the Army has been experimenting with fully motorized infantry units. Yet, they have not formed any fully motorized divisions, but with right words to the Secretary of State for War this could soon be possible.
Royal Tank Regiment
Britain invented the tank, and so the Royal Tank Regiment should be equipped with the world's best tanks, but this is not currently the case. The Special Vehicle Development Committee proposes to research and develop a modern design to keep Britain at the forefront of tank development.
Home Defence
A vast empire is of no use if we cannot protect the British people. We should focus our efforts on keeping the homeland safe.
Issue Gasmasks
The world is proving to be more dangerous every day. We should protect the civilian population from any poisonous gas attacks. Britain shall breathe easy.
£tech_mod Military Training Act
The Great War has left our people with an impression that they would not have to fight again. As the world grows dangerous, we must ensure that all capable young men receive basic military training.
Embargo Germany
German rearmament is an insult and a great threat to world peace. We will not be supplying the resources they need to fuel their war machine.
War with Germany
The Germans has left us with no other choice. For the sake of the free world and the future of our children. It is time for war.
Swedish Intervention
Swedish movements against democracy have gained a worrying amount of influence. We cannot risk Swedish steel ending up as guns in the hands of our enemies. The Swedes shall remain free, but we need to secure a certain degree of influence over their country.
Norwegian Intervention
Norwegian movements again democracy continues to gain ground. We should ensure that their politics stay aligned with our own interests, even if we need to use force.
Danish Intervention
Danish support for the enemies of world peace have continued to grow. There is only one way to ensure they stay on our side. We should use Denmark to establish a strategic foothold in the region in case a land invasion in Europe becomes necessary.
Benelux Intervention
The political environment in the Benelux Region is growing hostile towards us. We should send a clear warning that any enemy of democracy will not be tolerated, and we are ready use force if necessary.
Secure Belgium
A warning was clearly not enough. If political tendencies continue as they have this far, Belgium will pose a direct threat to our waters. We must intervene and establish a strategic foothold on mainland Europe.
Secure the Netherlands
Political movements in The Netherlands continues to support our enemies. The Netherlands will have to be subdued to ensure a free Europe.
War with Japan
All other options are exhausted and the Japanese refuse to give up their expansionist ways. For the safety of the British Empire and the people of Asia, we must subdue the Japanese.
War with Italy
The Italians refuse to give up their plans for a new Empire and have proven willing to go to war to expand their borders. We must do what we can to eliminate this threat before it is too late.
Embargo The USSR
The Soviet Union is growing powerful and using British resources to fuel their military efforts. We should deprive them access to our trade.
War With USSR
The threat of the Soviet Union continues to grow despite our objections. We cannot tolerate an aggressive Soviet Union and are left with no other choice than to go to war for a better tomorrow.
Towards East Africa
Unlock the DMZ blocking East Africa
1936 Rearmament Programme
The recent stirrings from Germany and other Fascist powers around the world suggest that we may not enjoy peace in our time. In preparation, we should begin to set the pieces in motion for our own rearmament if the situation gets any worse.
Re-Equip Royal Artillery Regiments
 
Port Defences
 
The Home Guard
 
Look to the Skies
 
Air Defences II
 
Strengthen the Irish Border
 
Fund the Irish Homeguard
 
Industrial Programme
It is starting to look like another Great War is inevitable. If it isn't Hitler it will be the Mikado, or even the Soviets... Public opinion has swung enough that we can initiate a program of general rearmament.
Austerity Measures
 
The GHQ Line
The GHQ Line (General Headquarters Line) was a defence line built in the United Kingdom during World War II to contain an expected German invasion. The British Army had abandoned most of its equipment in France after the Dunkirk evacuation. It was therefore decided to build a static system of defensive lines around Britain, all designed to compartmentalise the country and delay the Germans long enough for more mobile forces to counter-attack. Over 50 defensive lines were constructed around Britain. After the coastal defences, the GHQ Line was the longest and most important, designed to protect London and the industrial heart of Britain and was Britain's last chance of defence. 
Limited Liability Planning
 
£tech_mod Continental Warfare Planning
 
Tube Alloys
Anderson and Akers came up with the name Tube Alloys. It was deliberately chosen to be meaningless, 'with a specious air of probability about it'
The Radar Network
Chain Home, or CH for short, was the codename for the ring of coastal Early Warning radar stations built by the Royal Air Force (RAF) before and during the Second World War to detect and track aircraft. The term also referred to the radar equipment itself, until it was given the official name Air Ministry Experimental Station Type 1 (AMES Type 1) in 1940. Chain Home was the first early warning radar network in the world, and the first military radar system to reach operational status. Its effect on the outcome of the war made it one of the most powerful weapons of what is today known as the 'Wizard War'.
Hawker Hurricane Research
The maiden flight of the first production aircraft, powered by a Merlin II engine, took place on 12 October 1937.  The first four aircraft to enter service with the RAF joined No. 111 Squadron RAF at RAF Northolt the following December.  By the outbreak of the Second World War, nearly 500 Hurricanes had been produced, and had equipped 18 squadrons 
Supermarine Spitfire Research
The operational history of the Spitfire with the RAF started with the first Mk Is K9789, which entered service with 19 Squadron at RAF Duxford on 4 August 1938.  The Spitfire achieved legendary status during the Battle of Britain, a reputation aided by the famous Spitfire Fund organised and run by Lord Beaverbrook, the Minister of Aircraft Production.\n\nAlthough the key aim of Fighter Command was to stop the Luftwaffe's bombers, in practice the tactic was to use Spitfires to counter German escort fighters, particularly the Bf 109s, while the Hurricane squadrons attacked the bombers. 
Appoint Lord Beaverbrook
William Maxwell Aitken, 1st Baron Beaverbrook, During the Second World War, in May 1940, his friend Winston Churchill, the British Prime Minister, appointed Beaverbrook as Minister of Aircraft Production. With Churchill's blessing Beaverbrook overhauled all aspects of war-time aircraft production; he increased production targets by 15% across the board, took control of aircraft repairs and RAF storage units, replaced the management of plants that were underperforming, and released German Jewish engineers from internment to work in the factories. He seized materials and equipment destined for other departments and was perpetually at odds with the Air Ministry. His appeal for pots and pans 'to make Spitfires' was afterwards revealed by his son Sir Max Aitken to have been nothing more than a propaganda exercise. Still, a Time Magazine cover story declared, 'Even if Britain goes down this fall, it will not be Lord Beaverbrook's fault. If she holds out, it will be his triumph. This war is a war of machines. It will be won on the assembly line.' Under Beaverbrook, fighter and bomber production increased so much so that Churchill declared: 'His personal force and genius made this Aitken's finest hour.' Beaverbrook's impact on wartime production has been much debated but he certainly energised production at a time when it was desperately needed. However, it has been argued that aircraft production was already rising when Beaverbrook took charge and that he was fortunate to inherit a system which was just beginning to bear fruit. Air Chief Marshal Lord Dowding, Head of Fighter Command during the Battle of Britain wrote that 'We had the organization, we had the men, we had the spirit which could bring us victory in the air, but we had not the supply of machines necessary to withstand the drain of continuous battle. Lord Beaverbrook gave us those machines, and I do not believe that I exaggerate when I say that no other man in England could have done so.' 
Cruiser Tank Focus
Focus on fast, agile Cavalry tanks which will exploit the retreating foe.
Infantry Tank Focus
Focus our research on increasingly powerful infantry tanks
Civil Programmes
Begin a series of programmes which will better prepare British society for the dark times ahead
K6 Red Telephone Box Service
Designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott in 1935 to coincide with the Jubilee of King George V.  Sadly, the King did not live to see any such examples installed.  Initially known as the Jubilee Kiosk, some 70,000 examples were installed around the UK between 1936 to 1968. 
BBC TV Service
Regularly scheduled electronically scanned television began from Alexandra Palace in London on 2 November 1936 to just a few hundred viewers in the immediate area.  It was reaching an estimated 25,00040,000 homes before the outbreak of World War II which caused the service to be suspended in September 1939.\n\nThe VHF broadcasts would have provided an ideal radio beacon for German bombers homing in on London, and the engineers and technicians of the service would be needed for the war effort, the RADAR program.
Public Order Act
The people of East London rallied to Cable Street and forced back the march of the fascist Oswald Mosley and his black shirts through the streets of the East End.  THEY SHALL NOT PASS, The Battle of Cable Street was a major factor leading to the passage of the Public Order Act 1936, which required police consent for political marches and forbade the wearing of political uniforms in public.  This is widely considered to be a significant factor in the BUF's political decline prior to the Second World War. The Act banned the wearing of political uniforms in any public place or public meeting.  It also required police consent for political marches to go ahead.  The Act also prohibited organising, training or equipping an association of persons for the purpose of enabling them to be employed in usurping the functions of the police or of the armed forces of the Crown, or for the use or display of physical force in promoting any political object.\n\nThe Act had the indirect result of actually improving the stance of the BUF.  Their forced abandonment of paramilitary and armed tactics improved the party's relations with the police, and in making it more respectable increased the BUF appeal among traditionally conservative middle-class citizens who became the party's main base in the years after the Public Order Act 1936 was passed.
Emergency Powers Act
The Emergency Powers (Defence) Act 1939 was emergency legislation passed just prior to the outbreak of World War II by the Parliament of the United Kingdom to enable the British Government to take up emergency powers to prosecute the war effectively. It contained clauses giving the government wide powers to create Defence Regulations which regulated almost every aspect of everyday life in the country. Two offences under the regulations were punishable with death.
National Service (No. 2) Act
All men and women aged 18-60 are now liable to some form of national service, including military service for men under 51 and unmarried women between 20 and 30.  The first military registration of 18-year-olds takes place.  The schedule of reserved occupations is abandoned
'Bevin Boys'-Industry
Bevin Boys were young British men conscripted to work in the coal mines of the United Kingdom, between December 1943 and March 1948.  Chosen by lot as ten percent of all male conscripts aged 18–25, plus some volunteering as an alternative to military conscription, nearly 48,000 Bevin Boys performed vital and dangerous, but largely unrecognised service in coal mines. Many of them were not released from service until well over two years after the Second World War ended. 
'Bevin Boys'-Army
At the beginning of the war the Government, underestimating the value of strong younger coal miners, conscripted them into the armed forces. By mid-1943 the coal mines had lost 36,000 workers, and they were generally not replaced, because other likely young men were also being conscripted to the armed forces. The government made a plea to men liable to conscription, asking them to volunteer to work in the mines, instead, but few responded, and the manpower shortage continued. 
Appease Jarrow Crusade
Give them a little something
Ignore Jarrow Crusade
They are not worth bothering with
Atlantic Charter
Prime Minister Churchill and President Roosevelt meet at an Anchorage in Newfoundland and create the Atlantic Charter.  The Charter expresses 'the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live.' 
Churchill's Speech- Blood!, Toil!, Tears!, Sweat!
We are in the preliminary stage of one of the greatest battles in history.... That we are in action at many points—in Norway and in Holland—, that we must be prepared in the Mediterranean. That the air battle is continuous, and that many preparations have to be made here at home. I would say to the House as I said to those who have joined this government: I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. We have before us an ordeal of the most grievous kind. We have before us many, many long months of struggle and of suffering. You ask, what is our policy? I will say: It is to wage war, by sea, land and air, with all our might and with all the strength that God can give us; to wage war against a monstrous tyranny, never surpassed in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime. That is our policy. You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word: Victory. Victory at all costs—Victory in spite of all terror—Victory, however long and hard the road may be, for without victory there is no survival. 
Churchill's Speech- NEVER GIVE UP !!!
Even though large tracts of Europe and many old and famous States have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule, we shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender, and if, which I do not for a moment believe, this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the British Fleet, would carry on the struggle, until, in God's good time, the New World, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old. 
Churchill's Speech- Their Finest Hour
But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves, that if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, This was their finest hour. 
Churchill's Speech- So much owed by so many to so few
The gratitude of every home in our Island, in our Empire, and indeed throughout the world, except in the abodes of the guilty, goes out to the British airmen who, undaunted by odds, unwearied in their constant challenge and mortal danger, are turning the tide of the World War by their prowess and by their devotion. Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few. All hearts go out to the fighter pilots, whose brilliant actions we see with our own eyes day after day, but we must never forget that all the time, night after night, month after month, our bomber squadrons travel far into Germany, find their targets in the darkness by the highest navigational skill, aim their attacks, often under the heaviest fire, often with serious loss, with deliberate, careful discrimination, and inflict shattering blows upon the whole of the technical and war-making structure of the Nazi power. On no part of the Royal Air Force does the weight of the war fall more heavily than on the daylight bombers who will play an invaluable part in the case of invasion and whose unflinching zeal it has been necessary in the meanwhile on numerous occasions to restrain… 
Commando Raid 1
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it.
Commando Raid 2
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 3
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 4
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 5
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 6
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 7
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 8
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 9
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Commando Raid 10
Launch a random commando raid on occupied France. You can try to evacuate the raid, support it, or just ignore it. 
Irish Expeditionary Force
Ireland has sent over a small force of volunteers to help fight alongside the United Kingdom 
Dutch East Indies Transfer
Transfer the Dutch east Indies to British control now that Holland has collapsed 
Requisition Civilian Trucks
Civilians will need to give up trucks for the war effort 
Requisition Civilian Cars
Civilians will need to give up cars for the war effort 
Requisition Civilian Motorcycles
Civilians will need to give up motorcycles for the war effort 
Ration Civilian Petrol
Civilians will need to give up petrol for the war effort 
Scrap Metal Drive
Encourage civilians to find any objects any metal to send in to collection centres so these can be melted down and reused in the war effort. Every little saucepan counts! 
Bouncing Bomb
A bouncing bomb is a bomb designed to bounce to a target across water in a calculated manner to avoid obstacles such as torpedo nets, and to allow both the bomb's speed on arrival at the target and the timing of its detonation to be pre-determined, in a similar fashion to a regular naval depth charge. The inventor of the first such bomb was the British engineer Barnes Wallis, whose 'Upkeep' bouncing bomb was used in the RAF's Operation Chastise of May 1943 to bounce into German dams and explode underwater, with effect similar to the underground detonation of the Grand Slam and Tallboy earthquake bombs, both of which he also invented.
Grand Slam Bomb
The Grand Slam was a 22,000 lb (10,000 kg) earthquake bomb used by RAF Bomber Command against strategic targets during the Second World War. Known officially as the Bomb, Medium Capacity, 22,000 lb, it was a scaled-up version of the Tallboy bomb and closer to the original size that the bombs' inventor, Barnes Wallis, had envisaged when he first developed his earthquake bomb idea. It was also nicknamed 'Ten-ton Tess'. It was the most powerful non-atomic aerial bomb used in combat until 2017, when a US GBU-43/B MOAB was used in a 2017 attack against ISIL forces in Afghanistan. 
Tallboy Bomb
Tallboy, or Bomb, Medium Capacity, 12,000 lb, was an earthquake bomb developed by the British aeronautical engineer Barnes Wallis and used by the RAF during the Second World War. At 5 long tons (5.1 t), it could only be carried by the Avro Lancaster heavy bomber. It proved to be effective against massive and hardened structures against which conventional bombing had proved ineffective.
A Global Navy
Its only with the might of the Royal Navy that we can hope to defend our empire
Extend our Reach
Better supply lines and effective communication means our fleet will have access to more of the oceans than ever before
Extend our Speed

The Fleet of the Commonwealth
The Royal navy need not fight alone, indeed we can call upon our empire to begin an industrious ship building program
Support the Spanish Republicans
The democratic supporters in the Spainish Civil war are hard pressed by the fascists forces and the internal rise of communism, our support should help the pro-democratic elements to stay ahead
Support Free France
Although France has fallen and part of it has agreed to an armistice with the Axis, we can continue to support and arm those that fight for a Free France
Ally With China
For too long we have let the Chinese fight alone, we will better be able to co-ordinate our forces if we are truly on the same side
Ready the Commonwealth
It is not enough for just the British people to resist those who would threaten our empire, we must call upon the might of the commonwealth to defend their borders
Construct the Inchindown Oil Tanks
officially called 'Inchindown, Royal Navy Fuel Tanks' and also known as the 'Invergordon Oil Fuel Depot'. The complex will consists of six tanks: five are 237 metres (778 ft) long, 9 metres (30 ft) wide, with arched roofs 13.5 metres (44 ft) high; a smaller sixth tank is of the same height and breadth but less long.


France is not in a §RCRISIS.§!
France is in a §RCRISIS!§!
Unlocks the §CReckless Rearmament§! focus.
Unlocks the §CBalanced Rearmament§! focus.
This focus will unlock if you have §YInflation.§!\n
Does not have national spirit §YStagnant Economy§!
Has national spirit §YInflation§!
We will send weapons and manpower to the Spanish Republicans. Germany may choose to escilate the conflict. If Germany declares war, Britain will most likely remain neutral!
The French People - especially the communists - support the Spanish Republicans. If we choose to remain neurtal, it could start a CRISIS later on.
\nThe §YUnited Kingdom§! will likely §GSUPPORT§! intervention.\n\n
\nThe §YUnited Kingdom§! will likely §ROPPOSE§! intervention.\n\n
\nWe do not know whether the §YUnited Kingdom§! will §GSUPPORT§! or §ROPPOSE§! intervention.\n\n
This focus will be bypassed if the national spirit §YStagnant Economy§! has been completely removed.\n\n
Has completed focus §YDeregulate the Arms Industry§! which will appear during the §R1936 Election Crisis§!.\n\n
Has completed focus §YPass Nationalization Acts§! which will appear during the §R1936 Election Crisis§!.\n\n
Has completed focus §YSupport Daladier§! which will appear during the §RSpanish Civil War Crisis§!.\n\n
- Has completed focus §YSupport Blum§! which will appear during the §RSpanish Civil War Crisis§!.\n\n
- You have chosen to form the §YPopular Front§! during the §R1936 Election Crisis§! and the §YPopular Front§! has not collapsed.
Completing this focus will strengthen the Matignon Agreement - §Gadding stability§! while §Rreducing the economy.§!\n\n§OYou need to complete two 'Promise' focuses at a minimum to sign the Matignon Agreement!§!
§CYou have promised a strong and complete Matignon Agreement.§!
§CYou have currently promised a weak and incomplete Matignon Agreement. Complete all four 'Promise' fucses to receive more stability at the cost of the economy.§!
§GCompleting this focus will end the current crisis.§!
The 1936 election is finished.
The §YUnited Kingdom§! wants all nations to stay out of the Spanish Civil War. §RIf we intervene, they may refuse an alliance with us.§!\n\n
Our §CStagnant Economy§! is stable enough to complete this focus. Complete focuses in the economic branch of the focus tree that addresses your §CStagnant Economy§!!
As §YWorld Tension§! escalates, this cost will be reduced.\n\n
§RResearch §YFuel Storage§! to unlock this focus!\n§!
If the §YUnited Kingdom§! completes the focus §YGlobal Defense§!, this requirement will be reduced.
§YFrance§! and the §YUnited Kingdom§! are both independence, at peace, and have a §YDemocratic Governemt.§!
Because we have chosen to intervene in the Spanish Civil War, securing an alliance with the §YUnited Kingdom§! will now require that we at least have §G50§! positive relations with them.\n
§RThis research center will be spawned in the §YUnited Kingdom§!.§!
Receive a free §YHeavy Armor§! division template.\n
Completeing this focus will remove §YMaurice Gamelin§! from command!
\n§RCompleting this focus may cause you to leave your current faction!§!
Is not in a faction with another §YMajor Nation§!.
Or we have formed the §CLittle Entente§! and have invited §YYugoslavia§!, §YRomania§!, and §YPoland§!.
Demand that all §CNeutral European Nations§! still supporting §YGermany§! immediately stop all trade. The following nations are supporting Germany:
§CNeutral European Nations§! are economically supporting §YGermany§!
§YNorway§!
§YSweden§!
§YDenmark§!
§YRomania§!
§YTurkey§!
§YSoviet Union§!
§YHungary§!
§YYugoslavia§!
§YPersia§!
§YNetherlands§!
§YBelgium§!
§YSpain§!
§YBulgaria§!
§YGreece§!
§YItaly§!
§YPortugal§!
§YUnited Kingdom§!
This nation is economically supporting §YGermany§!\n\n
Send an ultimatum to §YNorway§! and demand that they cease all trade with Germany. §RIf they refuse, we will declare war.§!\n
Send an ultimatum to §YSweden§! and demand that they cease all trade with Germany. §RIf they refuse, we will declare war.§!\n
Send an ultimatum to §YYugoslavia§! and demand that they cease all trade with Germany. §RIf they refuse, we will declare war.§!\n
Send an ultimatum to §YRomania§! and demand that they cease all trade with Germany. §RIf they refuse, we will declare war.§!\n
Send an ultimatum to §YTurkey§! and demand that they cease all trade with Germany. §RIf they refuse, we will declare war.§!\n
Send an ultimatum to the §YSoviet Union§! and demand that they cease all trade with Germany. §RIf they refuse, we will declare war.§!\n
§RJoin or create a faction to unlock this focus!§!
If we are allied to the §YUnited Kingdom§!, and the UK is controlled by an AI, then completing this focus will instruct the British AI to help defend §YBelgium§! and the §YNetherlands§! from Germany.\n\n

CRISIS: 1936 Elections
The 1936 Legislative Elections were among the most tumultuous in all of French history. Record numbers of candidates vied for power, with over a thousand candidates coming from just the Seine Department. With a frightening rise in political violence, and radical parties growing rapidly in power, the 1936 elections would be the ultimate test for the Third Republic.\n\nThe Popular Front (Front Populaire), a loose-knit coalition of different leftist political parties, narrowly won the election. However, the Popular Front didn't win enough seats in the Senate to make their own majority. In order to create a stable government, the Popular Front sided with the French Communists to form a majority.
Maintain Conservative Government
 
Arrest Union Leaders
The labor unions have crossed the line and we must deal with them. We will arrest the leaders of the larger unions. This will undoubtably enrage the average worker and will prolong the strikes, but if we hold out long enough, we will inevitably win.
Ban Communist Newspapers
L'Humanité along with the other large Communist newspapers are among those responsible for the current strikes. These papers have always criticized our government and divided our people. We must ban these newspapers and keep these dangerous ideas from gaining anymore ground.
Crush the Union Strikers!
The union strikers are now leaderless and are growing increasingly disorganized. This is our chance to break some of these strikes and start bringing our industries back online. We just need to hold out a bit longer and the rest of the strikes will dissolve as well.
Deregulate the Arms Industry
The French arms industry has been stifled by over-regulation for far too long. French arms companies cannot export weapons to other nations, have suffered from disorganized and ineffective government contracts, and haven’t had the freedom to develop new modern weapons.\n\nOur government is not effective enough to both babysit the arms industry and improve the stagnant economy. If we free the arms industry from these burdensome regulations, we can focus our government on improving the economy.
Get France Back to Work
The strikes have finally ended. While this was certainly painful, we have kept the radicals out of the government and we can move forward with rearmament.
Form the Popular Front
 
Pass Nationalization Acts
The French arms industry has been stagnant and ineffective for far too long. The world is changing. Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Soviets are rapidly arming themselves for war. We are already dangerously far behind in this newly evolving arms race and we must catch up quickly.\n\nOur army needs new modern equipment as quickly as possible. To that end, we will nationalize the nation’s military industry and assume direct control over our nation’s arms production. We will focus our government’s resources on rearmament – even if the economy suffers as a result.
Rush Social Reforms
 
Promise 40 Hour Work Week
 
Promise Right to Unionize
 
Promise to Raise Minimum Wage
 
Promise Paid Vacation Time
 
Pass Matignon Agreements
It is time to make good on our promises to the French workers. We will pass our social reforms and put France back to work.
Riots at the Senate
The usual democratic parties have failed us. Democracy itself is to blame, we need to radically change our government!
Communist Coup
 
Fascist Coup
 
CRISIS: Spanish Civil War
France was bitterly divided over how to respond to the Spanish Civil War. Conservative and socialist politicians alike did not want to intervene in the conflict. The scars of the Great War had yet to fully heal, and France's military was weakened by years of neglect. The UK was also opposed to intervention and would not aid France war escalated into another Great War with the fascist powers of Germany and Italy.\n\nHowever, the communists wanted to aid Republican Spain no matter the cost. In their eyes, if the communist revolution succeeded in Spain, it would bolster communism in France. The French Communist Party has won enough seats in the Senate to force the issue. We can no longer ignore the conflict raging just south of our boarder, we must choose a side.”  FRA_intervene_in_spain:0"Intervene in Spain
 
Assemble the International Legion
 
Give the Communists More Power
 
Allow Soviets to Import Weapons
 
Ask for British Aid
 
Ask for British Intervention
 
Secretly Support the Republicans
 
Supply French Aircraft
 
Supply French Artillery
 
Supply French Bombers
 
Supply French Tanks
 
British Non-Intervention Agreement
 
French and British Blockade All of Spain
Coordinate with the Royal Navy in blockading Spain. The Spanish will have to sort our their civil war on their own.
Spanish Refugees Cross the Border
There are now hundreds of thousands of Spanish freguees fleeing their war-torn nation. We will open our borders and allow them to settle in France until the civil war is over.
Officially Recognize the Spanish State
If the fascists win the civil war, then we will want to be on good terms with them.
Support Democracy in Spain
If we are going to offer our help in the civil war, we must ensure that a friendly government will arise from the chaos.
Turn Spain into a Puppet
It has become clear that the Spaniards are not ready to govern themselves. We will help guide them down the correct path.
CRISIS: Inflation
The Reforms of the Popular Front were passed with good intentions, but they have ruined the French economy. Wages have gone up, but skyrocketing inflation have left the French people poorer than before. France is now in crisis; people will soon no longer be able to afford food and housing.\n\nWe must make a choice, to pass further reforms to try to stabilize the currency or tear apart the progressive reforms of the Popular Front to save the economy. Both choices will be expensive and will take time to implement, but we can no longer ignore this looming catastrophe.
No Compromises on Reforms
 
Raise Taxes
 
Cut Military Spending
 
Stop the Inflation!
 
Devalue the Franc
 
Emergency Interest Rates
 
Abandon Social Reforms
 
Cut Worker Pay
 
Balance the Budget
 
Review Military Strategies
 
Cut Maginot Funding
 
Redirect Funding to Airforce
 
Redirect Funding to Army
 
Redirect Funding to Navy
 
Offensive Doctrine
 
Crossing the Rhein
 
Crossing the Alps
 
Prepare Naval Invasions
 
Finish Maginot
 
Defensive Doctrine
 
Anticipate Attack on Belgium
 
Anticipate Italian Betrayal
 
Shake Up Senior Staff
 
Increase Military Drill
 
Promise Economic Renewal
 
Address the Stagnant Economy
 
Expand Fuel Storage
 
Fund Synthetic Research
 
National Oil Company
 
Construct Refineries
 
Industrial Effort
 
Industrial Effort II
 
Infrastructure Effort
Improvements in the infrastructure in our northern states will boost our economy as well as allow our troops to more quickly move through Belgium in the event of another war with Germany.
Collectivized Economy
 
Balanced Rearmament
War may be looming, but it is surely a long way off. If we rush towards rearmament too quickly, it will greatly hurt our civilian economy. We will let level heads prevail and slow down the rearmament process to protect the French People.
Reckless Rearmament
The spectre of war lurks just beyond the horizon! We must quickly revitalize our military industry, no matter the costs! We will nationalize the private military companies and force them to rearm our military!
Heavy Industry Nationalization
We will nationalize some civilian companies which specialize in heavy industry so that they can be retasked to build tanks and trucks.
Army Improvements
As rearmament progresses, we must develope new strategies for using our new weapons.
Military Industry I
The rearmament program has resulted in a new military factory. The process was slow, but at least we didn't have to nationalize any private companies.
Military Industry II
The rearmament program has resulted in a new military factory. The process was slow, but at least we didn't have to nationalize any private companies.
Military Industry III
The rearmament program has resulted in a new military factory. The process was slow, but at least we didn't have to nationalize any private companies.
Foreign Diplomacy
 
Accept British Naval Dominance
We will rely on Britain for naval protection and will focus the entirety on our nation’s industry on the army and air force.
Celibrate the Renewed Economy
 
Massive Industrial Project
 
Massive Industrial Project II
 
Aircraft Production Project
 
Rapid Military Industrialization
 
Rapid Military Industrialization II
 
Tank Production Project
Modern warfare is decided by fast moving armored divisions. We must be able to field large numbers of armored and mechanized divisions to seize victory!
Deal with the German Threat
 
Another Great War
We have tried to keep the peace. We have tried to maintain the honor of France and the prosperity of her people. However, our enemies have gone too far, and we will tolerate no more. Their tyranny ends now. No matter the sacrifice, France marches forth, to war. Liberté, égalité, fraternité!
Coordinate with Our Allies
We will take the initiative and direct the European theatre of war. Our allies have pledged their support, what should we do?
Attack the Westwall!
Germany cannot stand against an all out attack from both us and our allies. We have an opportunity to overwhelm them, we will take the initiative while there is still time!
Counter German Armor
The Germans have assembled an impressive army, but it is way too reliant on its tanks. If we break Germany's Panzers, the rest of the army will crumble.
Push to Berlin!
The German Westwall is broken! Push forward and take Berlin!
Hold out Czechoslovakia!
We have begun our offensive, hold out a little while and we will crush the Germans in a pincer attack!
Hold out Poland!
We have begun our offensive, hold out a little while and we will crush the Germans in a pincer attack!
Hold out Finland!
We have begun our offensive, hold out a little while and we will crush the Germans in a pincer attack!
The Phoney War
 
Drop Propaganda Leaflets
 
Begin Strategic Bombing
 
Economic Warfare
Germany is still able to import many vital strategic resources from its European neighbors despite the blockade. It is essential to our strategic plan that Germany be completed starved of resources so that they can’t build new planes, ships, or tanks. We will demand that all nations halt trade with Germany immediately. If they refuse to embargo Germany, it could lead to war.
Send Ultimatum to Norway
 
Send Ultimatum to Sweden
 
Send Ultimatum to Yugoslavia
 
Send Ultimatum to Romania
 
Send Ultimatum to Turkey
 
Send Ultimatum to the Soviets
 


Appeal to any surviving French colonies to abandon Vichy and defect to our side.
Reintegrating Indochina
Reintegrating Syria
Make contact with the French Navy still loyal to Vichy and try to convince them to defect to our side.
Tunisian light infantry joins our army.
Morrocan mountaineers joins our army.
Algerian infantry joins our army.
Receive 10 British escort destroyers. These ships are designed to protect convoys and should not be used in front-line combat.

Empire Defense Council
Shortly after France's surrender, Charles De Gaulle created the Empire Defense Council as the official government in exile of the French Republic. This council included several senior military leaders and colonial governors.
Empower de Gualle
With the formation of the Empire Defense Council, Charles De Gaulle has been elevated as our nation's leader. We will suspend democracy and allow De Gaulle to pursue the war as he sees fit.
Recruit General Leclerc
 
Recruit Admiral Muselier
 
Recruit Martial Valin
 
Send Valin to Mainland France
 
British Recognition
 
American Recognition
 
Symbols of Resistance
 
Encourage Communist Resistance
 
Seek Help From the Allies
 
Borrow British Destroyers
 
British Spitfires
 
American Rifles
 
Lend Lease Sherman Tanks
 
Rally the French Navy
 
Import Fuel for Our Ships
 
Tunisian Trailleurs
 
Morrocan Mountaineers
 
Algerian Infantry
 
French Liberation Army
 
The Free French Airforce
 
France Strikes Back!
 
Recapture Syrial and the Levant
 
Recapture West Africa
 
Recapture Algérie
 
Operation Dragoon
 
Rebuilding the Nation
 
Rebuild the Cities
 
Rebuild the Factories
 
Rekindle National Pride
 
Arrest Fascist Colaborators
 
Turn on the Communists
 
Regain Colonial Control
 
Reintegrate Syria
 
Liberate Syria
 
Reintegrate Indochina
 
Liberate Indochina
 


Strike the USA!
The perfidious Americans have us at their mercy, controlling our supply of oil and other desperately needed resources. Their industry is vastly superior to ours, so if we strike, we had better strike hard! We cannot hope to win a prolonged war against the USA...
Chinese Puppet
China has proven that it seeks to avoid war with us. Perhaps their leaders consider the internal divide a greater threat. We could offer them our protection from communists and warlords, as subjects in the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere.
War with China
The Marco Polo Bridge incident proved that the Chinese are not interested in cooperation. With increasing tension threatening the ensuing ceasefire, war may be the only means to bring the order to the Chinese nation.
Subdue the Warlords
The Chinese have allowed their once proud empire to be shattered, brought to pieces by radicals and military cliques. The Empire of Japan will not stand for such divisions, even of its subjects.
Sever Sino-German Ties
German military advisors have been present in China since at least the twenties, providing critical support to the Kuomintang. This can no longer be tolerated. We are within our rights to demand the immediate withdrawal of all German support to the Chinese. It is time for the Germans to choose sides.
Found our Faction
We have already made efforts towards the creation of the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. To ensure lasting victory, Japan must be is strong enough to lead alone, in Asia and beyond.
Axis Leanings
We have many interests and values in common with the new Germany, which is building a power base in Europe. Joining them as allies would give us a powerful friend distant enough not to rival our rule of Asia.
Indian National Army
If Britain judges our efforts to build an empire, we will show them that their own is already crumbling. Indian prisoners of war and expatriates will form the foundation of a movement that can overthrow the British Raj.
Improved National Spirit
Nationalist pride and support for the war overcomes every subject of the Emperor, driving them to ever-greater heights of devotion!
Befriend Siam
Siam has avoided European colonization and is not used to being a subject nation. Instead of subjugating them, we should convince them to cooperate with us for it to stay that way.
Army Primacy
Of the two main service arms, it is truly the Army which is the strong right arm of the Empire! Its ability to take and hold ground far outweighs the minor services the Navy can provide. By recognizing this simple, self-evident fact and devoting more resources to the Army the possibilities are limitless.
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factories§! in home area.

Adds 48 §YCV Fighters§!.\nAlso adds either 36 §YCV-NAV bombers§!, §Y36 CV-CAS bombers§! or §GBOTH§! depending on what you have researched.
Revive the Samurai legacy
The legendary Samurai lineages will have their privileges and status restored!
Colonial Effort in Philipines
Japanese colonialism can finally become reality now that we have stood up to the old imperialist giants.
Colonial Effort in Indochina
Japanese colonialism can finally become reality now that we have stood up to the old imperialist giants.
Of the two main service arms, it is truly the Navy which is the strong right arm of the Empire! Its ability to control the seas far outweighs the minor services the Army can provide. By recognizing this simple, self-evident fact and devoting more resources to the Navy the possibilities are limitless.
Army innovation
Now that the Army is the recognized premier service of the Empire, it behooves us to devote more resources to the study of Land Doctrines.
Army Air Innovation
Buckle up son!
Army Motorization
A greater focus on motorization will increase the speed at which for Infantry can reach the battlefield, in areas with good roads at least.
Air Base Expansion
To better support our Army, the Air force requires larger Air bases.
Armor Innovation
German tanks are performing well in Europe, we can learn from their researchs.

Ascend The Throne
We need to place our loyal pupper emperor on the throne of Reorganised China.
Mandate of Heaven
We need to place our loyal pupper emperor on the throne of Northern China.
Two Chinese Empires
For the sake of our future power in the region the best setup is to have two competing China's.
Install Military Advisors in Macau
Portugal has declared Neutrality in the war and they are continuing to trade with our allies, however british presence in the area has lead us to insist on a permanent presence and a recognition of our claims on China
Sieze Macau
The region of Macau is too valuable to risk in the hands of the Portuguese, With our military might they can not possibly refuse
Seize Changpei
The people in area are ripe for a revolt, with our help the Inner Mongolian army should be able to sweep away the opposition and increase our buffer zone with China
Yokosuka Naval Arsenal
Yokosuka Naval Arsenal was one of four principal naval shipyards owned and operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy, and was located at Yokosuka, Kanagawa prefecture on Tokyo Bay, south of Yokohama.
Bicycles
In its 1937 invasion of China, Japan employed some 50,000 bicycle troops. Early in World War II their southern campaign through Malaya en route to capturing Singapore in 1941 was largely dependent on bicycle-riding soldiers. In both efforts bicycles allowed quiet and flexible transport of thousands of troops who were then able to surprise and confuse the defenders.
B6N Tenzan
The Nakajima B6N Tenzan was the Imperial Japanese Navy's standard carrier-borne torpedo bomber during the final years of World War II and the successor to the B5N 'Kate'.
Convoy protection
Although a cowardly and dishonorable tactic, it is possible that enemy nations might target the merchant ships that move supplies and resources around our Empire. We must study how best to protect these ships, should this come to pass.
Advanced torpedoes
By using compressed oxygen rather than compressed air in the propulsion systems our torpedoes will be able to travel further and carry a larger warhead than any previous types.
Super-heavy Battleships
In the short term it is unlikely we can out-build either Britain or the United States in numbers of Battleships, but perhaps we do not need to. Instead, it may be possible to build vastly more powerful Battleships than the Westerners Washington treaty allows them to construct.
Defence Line
Two natural defence lines protect Japan: the inner and the outer ring. It's important to improve the logistics with the islands forming our defensive line.
Carrier Focus
Japan requires a powerful navy, and the Aircraft Carrier must be the core of our Fleet's strength. The day of the Battleship is at an end, as our enemies will soon discover!
Battleship Focus
Japan requires a powerful navy, and the Battleship must be the core of our Fleet's strength. Let other nations waste their wealth on untested Aircraft Carriers, only Battleships can dominate the seas!
Spiritual Mobilization
In August 1937, the government launched a 'National Spiritual Mobilization Campaign'. Our entire nation, not only our soldiers, need to be spiritually prepared for war. To this end, nationalists have been brought together in the National Spiritual Mobilization Movement to boost patriotism and support for the government.
Warrior Traditions
Throughout history, Japan has retained a unique set of traditions among the warrior class. These values must be revitalized and treasured by every soldier, regardless of rank.
The Divine Wind
During the 13th century the Mongols attempted two major invasions of Japan in 1274 and 1281 AD. However, on both occasions, a massive typhoon obliterated the Mongol fleet forcing the attackers to abandon their plans. The Japanese believed the typhoons had been sent from the gods to protect them from their enemies and called them Kamikaze (divine wind)
Kamikaze
During the 13th century the Mongols attempted two major invasions of Japan in 1274 and 1281 AD. However, on both occasions, a massive typhoon obliterated the Mongol fleet forcing the attackers to abandon their plans. The Japanese believed the typhoons had been sent from the gods to protect them from their enemies and called them Kamikaze (divine wind)
Imperial glory
Enables production of §HYokosuka MXY7 Ohka§!
Kamikaze, the tactics of the Special Attack Unit, have changed suicide attacks from an improvised last measure to an established doctrine. With new planes, essentially manned missiles, these attacks will be unstoppable.
The Student Movement
The Ministry of Education is as important a part of the Spiritual Mobilization as any other, and having educators and students rally behind the nation will build a lasting military-oriented education system.
Focus on naval research
Synthetic Oil Focus
Our own oil production is very limited and importing oil puts us at the mercy of foreign interests. The safest solution would be to perfect the synthetic oil technology Germany has
Idemitsu Kosan available as industry concern
Advanced Weapons
The Imperial Japanese Navy developed a number of spin-stabilized rockets during World War II, but only this one ever saw service use. The rocket had an incendiary shrapnel warhead, somewhat similar in design to the \"Sankaidan\" Type 3 projectile used for guns, and had a time fuze set to explode the warhead at either 1,000 or 1,500 meters (1,100 or 1,640 yards).
Rationing
The government introduces a system of stringent rationing, that in addition to food included clothes, nails, needles, bandages, shoes, sakecooking oil, tire tubes, and many other items.
Industrial Effort
Japan is newly industrialized, and is not yet as powerful as some Western nations. We must take steps to close the gap between our capabilities.
Infrastructure effort
It has not been easy to build Infrastructure in our mountainous country, nonetheless efforts must continue.
Fortress Japan
Should our enemies ever overwhelm our Navy, our fortifications will make any attempted invasion cost far more than most nations can afford to pay.
Strike the USSR while they are weak
Germany has advanced deep into the Soviet Union, if we strike the communists now we may be able to acquire valuable land in the Soviet far east.
Japanese-Siamese Diplomacy
Japan has focused its diplomatic efforts on improving relations with Siam.
Navy Primacy

Occupation of China
We need to setup abd support a local occupation government with Chinese speaking representatives and start pacifying the countryside. The new Reorgnaized Chinese government need our urgent support before it gets infiltrated by Chinese partisans!
Chinese Interior
The Reorganized Government now controls the coastal regions with our help, it's time to start the long process of fully claiming the rest of the vast Chinese mainland!
This focus will enable and prompt [MEN.GetNameDef] to take it's own focus §YReclaim the Mainland§! which provides the bonus shown in the tooltip. This focus will also unlock a series of decisions for [MEN.GetNameDef] to get cores in the Chinese mainland.\n

Reinforce Manchurian Forces
We must bring up new divisions to support any coming offensive. While these units, which have quickly been put together, won't be of a very high quality, they will be able to fill any holes in our front. We will get both cavalry and infantry.
Infantry Equipment Bonus
We will recieve 13 new divisions, 4 of those will be cavalry divisions.
Tank Research Bonus
Light Tank Research Bonus
Develop New Armor
The Soviet Union has very advanced light tanks, we cannot afford to fall behind on armor technology if we are to strike them!
Artillery Research Bonus
Anti Tank Research Bonus
Knee Mortar
The Type 89 Grenade Discharger, inaccurately and colloquially known as a knee mortar by Allied forces, is a Japanese grenade launcher or light mortar that was widely used in World War II. The Japanese Army developed hand grenades, rifle grenades, and grenade/mortar shell dischargers (small mortars) suited to warfare in typical short-range combat environments such as urban, trench, and jungle warfare.
Doctrine Research Bonus
Support Tech Research Bonus
Additional Support Units and Doctrines
We must expand our units with more support, to better enable them to withstand the Soviet troops they will be facing. We should also study new ways of fighting.
Infantry Weapons Research Bonus
Sino-Japanese War Experiences
We must use what we have learned in the war against the Chinese, to improve the quality of our army, now that we are getting ready to fight the Soviet Union.
Attack The Reds!
For the Emperor!! Now that we are ready, we will strike the Soviet Union, and show them once again that Japan can defeat a major European power! This will make 1905 look like a minor border skirmish...
Glory to the Emperor!
Separate Peace
Expand the Zaibatsu
The Zaibatsu are large industrial conglomerates, which can sometimes trace their origins several hundred years back. There are 4 big Zaibatsu, they are the oldest and most powerful companies in Japan. They happen to have deep ties to various factions in the military, and are the heart of our industrial activities and growth, we should do what we can to encourage them to grow.
Zaibatsu Growth Accelerated
The growth of the Zaibatsu (large and very powerful companies in Japan) has been accelerated as a result of favourable government policies.
Truck Research Bonus
Ship Factories Research Bonus
Industrial Research Bonus
Expand the Mitsui Zaibatsu
The Mitsui Zaibatsu is one with ties to the Imperial Japanese Army and the former Rikken Seiyūkai party members in the current ruling party, The Imperial Rule Association. If we help them expand their business, we also help the IJA.
Expand the Mitsubishi Zaibatsu
The Mitsubishi industrial conglomerate has several very large dockyards in Japan, but especially in the Nagasaki area. It has ties to the Rikken Minseito party and their politicians who are now in the Imperial Rule Association, as well as strong ties to the Imperial Japanese Navy. The IJN will definitely benefit if we help Mitsubishi expand their business.
Expand The Truk Lagoon
Our main base in the South Pacific is the Truk Lagoon. We should expand the naval base facilities there, as well as build fortifactions to protect the island itself.
Expand the Nagasaki Shipyards
Mitsubishi has a very large complex of shipyards in the Nagasaki area. We should help them expand these shipyards, as the Mitsubishi Zaibatsu has proven itself very willing to build high quality ships for the IJN.
Ship Subtechs Reasearch Bonus
Advanced Hydrodynamics
With the development of improved hullforms and the adoption of the bulbous bow, we can design more efficient hulls for our large ships.
Improve Destroyer Equipment
We must initiate a program to modernize the equipment on our already very modern destroyers.
Navy Doctrine Research Bonus
Expand the IJN Academy
We must expand the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, to allow for more bright young officers to join our ranks. This should allow us to develop new and more effective doctrines too.
Promote Rivalry Between The Big Two
Monopoly is never good for innovation. Although the two big Zaibatsu, Mitsui and Mitsubishi, have certain different business areas in which they focus their efforts, they also share some areas where they compete. In any case, they're corporations, and corporations want profit. We should motivate them to outdo each other (as well as to outdo their smaller competitors).
£tech_mod Form State Research Laboratories
The two big Zaibatsu are doing quite well in their research. We should bring some of their brightest heads into our military research divisions.
Expand the Kobe Works
The Kawasaki Dockyard Company has a series of large shipyards in Kobe. We should help them enlarge them, and provide anti air protection for the general area as well.
A6M Zero-Sen Bonus
Strategic Bomber Program
Bombing the enemy to the ground might not be very honorable but it's very effective!
A6M Zero
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries informed us that their prototype for our new carrier fighter program is finished. It appears that we have the best carrier fighter ever built in our hands. We must initiate production of these wonderful new aircraft at once!
Rikusentai
Our Rikusentai need improved equipment to be able to defeat the western nations, who sit in fortified strongholds all across the pacific. They need special tanks for these missions too. We should focus on designing such weapons.
Mitsui Artillery
We should task Mitsui with coming up with a new design for our guns.
Expand Osaka Army Arsenal
The Osaka Army Arsenal is a government-operated weapons production factory that was established on the premises of the Osaka Castle in 1870. It developed as a production center for weapons, mainly cannons and bombshells.
New Fighter and Bomber Programmes
To keep up with the westerners, we must develop new fighters and bombers.
Daitoa Kyoeiken
Constructs a fort line against the border with §YChina§!.\n\nGain a §YTriangular Infantry Division§! Template that is more suited for fighting in §YChina§!.
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Dockyards§! in home area.
Hirohito's secret passion
Thanks to the advise of Lord Yuasa this strange passion cannot hurt the country.
Yagi Antenna
Was invented in 1926 by Hidetsugu Yagi of Tohoku Imperial University. It consists of a single driven element connected to the transmitter or receiver with a transmission line, and additional elements which are not connected to the transmitter or receiver: a so-called reflector and one or more directors.
Further Applications
The Yagi Antenna has especially been developed for short wave up to the UHF-band. It's exceptional for the simplicity and relative high gain. Something tells me that it can be used also in radar sets however.
Tenno Heika Banzai
Long Live the Emperor! The Japanese people are devoted to Hirohito and in making Japan a great country.
Sayonara
'So be it' Japanese says Sayonara every moment to everything, because every moment is a dream. Life is Sayonara, Empires can rise or fall, great heroes crumble to dust, planets come and go, but Change never changes, including Change itself.
Showa 11
1936 is the 11th year of the reign of Emperor Hirohito, on the Japanese calendar is Showa 11. This is an era of progress and technological advance for Japan.
Support the Troops
Support companies are becoming essential in war. We need the best for our divisions.
Hirohito
Our Great Emperor has a peculiar passion:the study of fishes. A task He finds more pleasant than pubblic matters. Some army leaders think that he should be worrying about high strategy and political matters rather than playing with fish. The palace advisor, Lord Yuasa, persuades Hirohito to keep his marine biology study away from the pubblic scene.
Synthetic Rubber Experiments
Someone says that you can get rubber artificially. Our great scientists are working on it!
The Resource War
We are starving for resources. Our scientists have made some progress in the synthesis on oil and rubber but would it be enough to support our war machine?
Full Employment
Our economy is growing and we have reach full employment. Some people think that the lack of resources is a problem and that our economy cannot improve without them. The idea that we can import what we need it's not very popular at the moment. The path to war seems inevitable to many military leaders.
Kuruma
During World War II, Toyota, Nissan, Isuzu and Kurogane built trucks and motorcycles for the Imperial Japanese Army, with Kurogane introducing the world's first mass-produced four-wheel-drive car, called the Kurogane Type 95 in 1936.
600 Mile Industrial Belt
From Nagasaki and Hiroshima to Tokyo is 600 miles with a series of industrial cities: the regions of Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto, Tokyo-Yokohama, Nagoya and Nagasaki, Hiroshima, Shimonoseki and Moji in Northern Kyūshū.
Nippon Steel
The centers for making iron bars were located in Kamaishi (North Honshū), and Muroran (Hokkaido). The iron & steel industry was unique in that it produced twice more converter steel than bars of high ovens because of more use of scrap iron and old iron imported from overseas.
Kodo
Every child was taught Kodo, the Imperial Way, that the basis for Japanese morality was on obligation to the Emperor and one's parents.
Chief of the General Staff
 The three most important posts in the Japanese Army were the Chief of the General Staff, the War Minister and the Inspector General of Military Education. They were referred as 'the Big Three'.
War Minister
 The triangular system of the Big Three dating from 1878 had been recommended by a Prussian major, Jacob Meckel, on loan to Japan from the Kaiser.
Inspector General of Military Education
 The Inspector directs all levels of education from basic training to the War College, and thus has great influence on Army thinking.
Gekokujo
 The attempt to redress the social injustices through force and assassination is not a new thing in Japan. Tradition has legitimized such criminal action and the Japanese has given it a special name, gekokujo (insubordination), a term first used in the 15th century when rebellion was rampant on every level, with provincial lords refusing to obey the Shogun, who in turn ignored the orders from the Emperor.
National General Mobilization Law
On the First of March 1938 Japan passed the National General Mobilization Law. All aspects of the Japanese life were to be arranged to bring society and the economy to a peak of military efficiency.
Allows §YGeneral Mobilization§!\n
£tech_mod Military Research
Civilian science and military science are both important to a nation's strength. A reasonable funding to the latter will make our army more formidable.
Kempetai
The Kempetai was the military police arm of the Imperial Japanese Army from 1881 to 1945. It was both a conventional military police and a secret police force.
Tojo
Hideki Tojo was a general of the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA), the leader of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association, and the 27th Prime Minister of Japan during much of World War II, from October 17, 1941, to July 22, 1944. As a former general he understands the needs and problems of the Army.  
Control of Northern Area
Up north no threat will come anymore. We can start to look south in search of the resources we so desperatly need.
Control of the Pacific
We rule over and under the oceans, it's time to move our focus to land.
The Soil
We will focus our military effort on land. By building less ship we will have a lot more industrial capacity for producing rifles.
The Waves
Our only chance to survive is to control the sea. The Navy will be our first priority.
£tech_mod Industrial Research
£tech_mod Naval Research Institute
The Imperial Navy has proposed that we should establish and fund a new research institute for naval technology to support our naval expansion.
£tech_mod Army Technical Laboratory
The Imperial Army has put forward plans for a research program to modernize their equipment and tactics.
Computing machine
Cables and wires came to life.
Sea Warfare
The naval doctrine is changing, new theories are spreading and we need to stay ahead of times.
Land Warfare
We will fight everywhere! From the mountains to the jungle our troops need to be prepared.
Defend the Empire
The red menace is growing stronger, we need to fortify our borders.
Five Ministers Conference
In the conference we will decide which path to choose for our country.
Light Carriers
Smaller carrier designs can serve to both enhance the striking power of our main carrier force, or provide air cover for our battleships.
Pacific Air Bases
Planes will scout the see in search of enemy's fleets. Spotting the enemy it's the key for winning at sea. We might even bomb some ships.
Hachimaki
A hachimaki is a stylized headband in Japanese culture, usually made of red or white cloth, worn as a symbol of perseverance and courage by the wearer.
Anti-Air Innovations
It is becoming increasing apparent that the development of our naval anti-air guns has not kept pace with the increased threat from aircraft. We should focus our efforts on correcting this.
Kido Butai
Kidō Butai (\"Mobile Force\"), was a name used for a combined carrier battle group comprising most of the aircraft carriers and carrier air groups of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN), during the first eight months of the Pacific War.
Expand our Shipbuilding Industry
For building big ships we need more dockyards.
Type B Destroyers
A contrast to previous Japanese the design, the Type B destroyers were designed with a focus as anti-air and anti-submarine escorts. The Akizuki class was the first of this type. They are considered to have been the most useful class of destroyers Japan fielded during the war and were well regarded in the IJN. They mounted 3.9-inch (100mm) Type 98 dual-purpose guns in four twin mounts.
German Technology Transfer
The Germans have accepted to share full details of their jet studies with us, one of our subs is getting the documents for us. I hope nobody will sink it on the way home..
Domestic Jet Development
Efforts into the development of domestic jet engine designs.
Pressure Sinkiang and Tibet
China is completly under the control of the Emperor. Sinkiang and Tibet will have no choice but to fall under our influence.
Steel and Fire
Our army is mighty. The veterans from the Chinese campaing will have no trouble with those barbarians. At sunset we will be drinking Sakè in their capitals.
Going Nowhere Slow
Motorized divisions are what we need for fighting in even more remote places.
Cheap Labour Force
India is a giant pot of resources and labor force. With the right investments we will boost the production of any kind of goods.
Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service
The Japanese military acquired their first aircraft in 1910 and followed the development of air combat during World War I with great interest. They initially procured European aircraft but quickly built their own and launched themselves onto an ambitious aircraft carrier building program. They launched the world's first purpose-built aircraft carrier, Hōshō, in 1922.
Mansyu Development Program
Mansyu Aircraft Development Program
Mansyu Heavy Aircraft Development
Completing this focus will allow §Y[MAN.GetName]§! to develop light aircraft independently from us.\n
Completing this focus will allow §Y[MAN.GetName]§! to develop heavy aircraft independently from us.\n
We will enter a §Ytech sharing agreement§! with §Y[MAN.GetName]§! for aircraft.\n
China Infrastructures
With the Beijing area under our control new infrastructure will help us connecting the Empire.
7 Days
As the military made increasing demands on manpower, school children were drafted to replace men drafted into military service on far-flung battlefields. Factories were put on a 7-day work day. Trains were increasingly crowded, largely because because fuel was becoming increasinly scarce.
Yokosuka SNLF
The 1st Yokosuka SNLF (Special Naval Landing Force) was formed 20 September 1941, at Yokosuka Naval District, round a battalion of 520 soldiers.
Tank-Killer Nests
The Type 94, our first generation of anti-tanks guns, which first saw combat against the Red Army at the Battles of Khalkhin Gol in 1939, proved to be a disappointment to the army, with its 37mm round performing poorly against Soviet BT series tanks. We can do better than this.
Prepare the Fleet
We might need to strike our enemies soon, so the fleet needs to be ready and at full strength.
F-Go Project
In 1943 the new Japanese Naval command began a nuclear research program, the F-Go Project, under Bunsaku Arakatsu at the Imperial University, Kyoto. Arakatsu had spent some years studying abroad including at the Cavendish Laboratory at Cambridge under Ernest Rutherford and at Berlin University under Albert Einstein. Next to Nishina, Arakatsu was the most notable nuclear physicist in Japan.
Western Expansion
The Emperor has pointed the way for our future expansion, we will follow the Sun west.
Eastern Expansion
It's time to end the question with the Yankees once for all. We will invade their mainland and plow from coast to coast.
Learn from the Gaijin
Our enemies don't know how to fight but maybe they know something after all.
Nishina
The leading figure in the Japanese atomic program was Dr. Yoshio Nishina who had established his own Nuclear Research Laboratory to study high-energy physics in 1931 at RIKEN Institute, the Institute for Physical and Chemical Research.
Ni-Go Project
The Committee on Research in the Application of Nuclear Physics, chaired by Nishina, set up an experimental project at RIKEN, the Ni-Go Project. Its aim was to separate uranium-235 by thermal diffusion, ignoring alternative methods such as electromagnetic separation, gaseous diffusion, and centrifugal separation.
Z Superbombers
Like the Nazi Amerika Bomber project, Imperial Japan wanted an intercontinental bomber capable of reaching North America. As the war progressed, the Japanese were desperate for something like the American B-29 Superfortress.
Prepare for Expansion
We should embrace the militarism present in our country, and use it to fuel preparations for expanding our domain.
Kokura Arsenal
The Kokura Arsenal is a facility best known for its small arms production but here were also produced anti-tank equipment starting 1938.
CAS Commitment
In the wake of World War Two the value of carrier aviation was proven repeatedly to the benefit of hard-pressed ground troops who needed close air support (CAS)—defined as air action by aircraft against hostile targets that are in close proximity to friendly forces, and which requires integration of each air mission with fire and movement of these forces.
Korea
Japanese rule over Korea was the outcome of a process that began with the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1876, whereby a complex coalition of the Meiji government, military, and business officials sought to integrate Korea both politically and economically into the Empire of Japan.
Expand Continental Ports
The ports of the Chinese mainland can be used to harbour our big ships, they will serve as a great resting point hopefully far away from enemy torpedo bombers.
Teishin Shudan
Teishin Shudan, the \"Raiding Group\" was a Japanese special forces/airborne unit during World War II. The Imperial Japanese Army developed an airborne paratroop force in the late 1930s, but the program did not receive much attention by the Imperial General Headquarters until review of the success of similar German paratroop units during the Blitzkrieg of 1940.
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
The government has asked Mitsubischi to develop fighters for the army and navy. Thay have assured us that we will be pleased with the results.
Lack of Range
Our aviation experts say that our planes lack range, hopefully they might resolve the problem with adeguate fundings.
Air Warfare
The study of dog fighting will improve the survival rate of our pilots.
Improve the Zero
Armament change: One 13.2 mm Type 3 machine gun was added in each wing outboard of the cannon, and the 7.7 mm gun on the left side of the cowl was deleted. Four racks for rockets or small bombs were installed outboard of the 13 mm gun in each wing. In addition, a 55 mm thick piece of armored glass was installed at the headrest and an 8 mm thick plate of armor was installed behind the seat.
Anti-Comintern Pact
On the 25th of November 1936 Mushakoji and Von Ribbentrop signed the Anti-Comintern Pact declaring the hostility of the two countries to international communism. Germany also agreed to recognize the Japanese puppet regime in Manchuria.
Send Attachè
Germany is at war! We will learn a lot by sending an attachè to study the war in Europe.
Anti-Air Defense
Even if I don't think anybody will be ever able to bomb us some people thinks that some anti-air might be a good idea.
War Propaganda
The war is inevitable, better to start telling the people who the enemy is.
Get Manchukuo ready
We should prepare are loyal puppet for the next war.
Naval Innovations
Now that the Navy is the recognized premier service of the Empire, it befits us to devote more resources to the design of new ship classes.
New Carrier Aircraft
Nakajima and Aichi have put forward new designs for carrier attack aircraft. We should pursue development of these to ensure the striking power of our navy for the coming years.
Cryptologic Bomb
The Poles have been developing a brilliant machine they call the 'Cryptologic Bomb' which can break the German Enigma ciphers. We have the resources to develop it further at our Bletchley Park facility.
The Tizard Mission
We have produced many breakthroughs in technology that we cannot fully exploit ourselves due to our lack of resources and industrial capacity. Henry Tizard would like to head a delegation to negotiate a technology sharing treaty with the USA.
The MAUD Committee
The 'Military Application of Uranium Detonation' committee is convinced that it is theoretically possible to construct a bomb of unbelievable power by employing uranium to achieve an uncontrolled nuclear fission reaction. However, we might not be able to develop this technology in time on our own. We should speak with the Americans.
General Rearmament
It is starting to look like another Great War is inevitable. If it isn't Hitler it will be the Mikado, or even the Soviets... Public opinion has swung enough that we can initiate a program of general rearmament.
Air Defence
Add maximum §YAnti-Air§! in §YEast Anglia§!, §YSussex§! and §YCornwall§!
Not enough building slots for §YAnti-Air§!
There is no question of where the enemy will be coming from; we must protect the coast with extensive anti-air batteries.
RADAR
The ability to detect enemy bombers will be crucial to the war effort. We should spare no resources in further developing Radar technology and constructing a network of detection stations along the coasts.
Royal Ordinance Factories
The Royal Arsenal at Woolwich is woefully insufficient to produce all the munitions and small arms we need. We should establish many more factories around the country, preferably in relatively safe areas.
The Shadow Scheme
The Air Ministry has come up with a brilliant suggestion for easier conversion of civilian factories into military ones. With the appropriate grants and loans to various key companies, their factories can be extended and adapted in advance to make the transition to military applications much smoother.
BSA Company
The Royal Ordnance Factories are not producing enough small arms, but, like we did in the Great War, we could contract the Birmingham Small Arms Company and expand their capacity.
£tech_mod Secret Weapons
We now possess the knowledge and the infrastructure to focus on the development of various secret weapons projects that used to belong in the realm of science fiction.
Air Rearmament
In any war with a continental enemy, the Royal Air Force will prove the key to victory. First, we must ensure that our airbases can support our rearmament plans!
Fighter Command
Our priority must be to control our own skies! It is hard to discern a more important area of military research than fighter development.
Bomber Command
Like Giulio Douhet always said; 'The bomber will always get through!'. Advances in radar technology and anti-air defences notwithstanding, we should prioritize the development of better bombers.
Coastal Command
Our industry is driven by resources shipped to Britain from many distant parts of the Empire. Our convoys are our lifeblood and must be protected by both the Royal Navy and the Royal Air Force. We should set up a special RAF formation to protect the approaches to our ports!
Aircraft Production Group
Aircraft production remains our highest priority. The London Aircraft Production Group (LAPG) should be created to manage and coordinate all available aircraft related production.
Jet Aircraft
It seems almost certain that the Jet engine will come to replace propeller engines on airplanes. The potential is enormous, and we must not allow Britain to lag behind in this crucial area of research.
Naval Rearmament
Though we tried to prevent a naval arms race with the Second London Naval Treaty, even the signatories are mostly ignoring it. The Royal Navy must never lose its global supremacy. We must always ensure that it remains the largest in the world.
Destroyer Focus
Modern battleships are marvels, but we must not neglect the critical role of the humble destroyer in the protection of our convoys.
Convoy Escort Focus
It cannot be stressed enough; our convoys are our lifeblood. We must do everything in our power to protect them and to replace lost tonnage quickly.
Britannia Rules the Waves
In the long shadow of the Royal Navy, other naval powers are forced to come up with innovative new doctrines to compensate. We must not grow complacent and rely solely on the quantity and quality of individual ships.
Carrier Focus
There is an intense argument among naval theorists about the continued viability of the battleship. There are those who argue that modern air power will come to dominate naval power, and that the aircraft carrier will replace the battleship as the king of the oceans.
Coerce Spain
The Spanish know better than most the power of the Royal Navy, but perhaps a reminder is in order...
Battleship Focus
While the theorists bicker about air supremacy or naval supremacy, no one wants the guns of a battleship pointing at their palace. Even if the carrier enthusiasts prove right in the end, battleships will still dominate the oceans for years to come.
Coerce Turkey
They don't have to love us, but Johnny Turkey should know enough to fear our battleships...
Amphibious Warfare
Ruling the waves is fine, but sometimes you need to get your feet wet. We must not neglect our ability to land invasion forces in hostile territory.
The Singapore Strategy
Singapore should remain our primary naval base in the East. Hong Kong may fall to the Japanese, but Singapore must remain impregnable until the Main Fleet can arrive to decisively defeat the enemy.
Landward Fortifications
The current defences on Singapore Island are inadequate. We must focus our efforts on beefing up the fortifications!
Peninsular War
We should pre-empt and slow down an enemy coming down from the north through Malaya before they even reach Singapore.
Hold Hong Kong
The Singapore Strategy is obsolete. Our plan should be bolder and rely on a base much closer to Japan. With sufficient fortifications and facilities, Hong Kong will serve perfectly!
Landward Fortifications
Hong Kong will have to become a fortress city in order to withstand a sustained attack from mainland China.
Air Defences
We must expand and improve the anti-air emplacements in Hong Kong greatly.
Experienced Command
With the knowledge learnt from overseas service we can now improve our command structures
Embargo Policy
The best way of defeating dictators - whether red or brown - is to simply starve them of the resources they need to wage war. The problem is just to browbeat the bankers and corporations who do business with them...
Sanction Italy
Mussolini dreams of a new Roman Empire and, absurd as it may sound, might someday attack us to achieve his dream. We should do what we can to prevent this before it comes to war.
Sanction Japan
The Japanese seem committed to creating their 'Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere'; under their hegemony, of course. The British Empire is the primary obstacle, together with the colonies of other Western powers. They must be denied access to the resources they need.
The Burma Road
We should aid the Chinese in their struggle against Japan by constructing a road - and associated infrastructure - between Burma and China where supplies can be reach them overland, safe from Japanese predation.
Scandinavian Intervention
Scandinavia would have little strategic import if it were not for one thing; Swedish iron exports. We must put pressure on both Sweden and Norway to prevent this vital resource from reaching Germany. If they refuse, we might have to be prepared to invade...
Secure Iraq
We granted Iraq independence in 1932, but considering the current global situation, that might have been a mistake. Iraqi oil must never be allowed to reach our enemies...
Secure Iran
Iran is not just rich in oil that must be denied our enemies; it is also the strategic nexus between India, the Middle East and the Soviet Union.
Indian Independence
Japan is actively fomenting rebellion in India and has even formed a 'National Indian Army' composed of Indian recruits. The situation could grow dangerous if nothing is done to prevent it. We can either defeat Japan quickly, or promise the Indians independence in a few years.
Encourage Colonial Elite
Our vast, sprawling empire houses some of the greatest minds in the world, but its size prevents many of them from ever meeting. By encouraging them to work together on our most important projects, we can achieve results faster.
Gurkha Battalions
There were ten Gurkha regiments, with two battalions each making a total of twenty pre-war battalions. Following the Dunkirk evacuation of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) in 1940, the Nepalese government offered to increase recruitment to increase the total number of Gurkha battalions in British service to thirty-five. This would eventually rise to forty-three battalions. To achieve the increased number of battalions, third and fourth battalions were raised for all ten regiments, with fifth battalions also being raised for 1 GR, 2 GR and 9 GR. This expansion required ten training centres to be established for basic training and regimental records across India. In addition, five training battalions were raised, while other units were raised as garrison battalions for keeping the peace in India and defending rear areas. Large numbers of Gurkha men were also recruited for non-Gurkha units, and other specialised functions such as Para troops, signals, engineers, and military police. A total of 250000 Gurkhas served in 40 battalions, plus eight Nepalese Army battalions, plus Parachute, training, garrison, and porter units during the war, in almost all theatres. In addition to keeping peace in India, Gurkhas fought in Syria, North Africa, Italy, Greece and against the Japanese in the jungles of Burma, northeast India and Singapore.  They did so with considerable distinction, earning 2,734 bravery awards in the process and suffering around 32,000 casualties in all theatres.
Fortify East Asia
Many of our old colonies in the east are threatened by civil wars and imperial ambitions of local countries. We must not neglect our remaining outposts, but continue to develop these regions to secure our global presence.
Influence China
Although the Chinese nationalists have called themselves enemies of our colonial efforts, they are trapped between enemies with too few allies. If we reach out to them, they may be willing to shift their policies.
Commonwealth Ties
United by common allegiance to the Crown, the nations of the British Commonwealth are the first we can count on in the event of another global conflict. Securing our diplomatic administration there will be of the essence.
Develop the Raj
The state of our colonies in India remains controversial both abroad and at home, but whatever is in store for them, strengthening their industrial capacity is a priority at the present stage.
Northern Expansion
The Northern Expansion Doctrine, which has the support of the Imperial Army, recognizes that the Soviet Union poses the greatest threat to Japanese ambitions. With tensions rising in Europe, a favourable moment to attack the Russian Far East is bound to present itself. We must strike quickly.
Southern Expansion
Add §Ynon-aggression pact§! with §YSoviet Union§! when selected\n
The Southern Expansion Doctrine, favoured by the Imperial Navy, dictates that Japan must expand south into Southeast Asia and the Pacific. The rich colonies of the European powers have resources critical to Japanese industry, but this path will lead to conflict with the United States. A pre-emptive strike is in order.
New Ministers available.\n
Available as §YPolitical Advisor§!:\n
Available as §YEconomic Minster§!:\n
Available as §YSupreme Commander§!:\n
Remove as §YPolitical Advisor§!:\n
Remove as §YChief of Army§!:\n
Remove as §YChief of Navy§!:\n
Remove as §YChief of Airforce§!:\n
Remove as §YMilitary High Command§!:\n
Remove as §YTheorist§!:\n
Construction technology bonus
Navy Doctrine Bonus
Navy Doctrine Bonus
Naval Battery Bonus
Naval Anti Air Bonus
Schwerer Gustav Bonus
Carrier Bonus
Submarine Bonus
Submarine Equipment Bonus
Modernize Support Bonus
U Boat Effort Bonus
Mountaineer bonus
Italian-German Treaty bonus
German-Soviet Research Treaty
German-Soviet Research Treaty
RADAR technologies bonus
Fighter Bonus
Heavy Fighter Bonus
Carrier Planes Bonus
Light Armor bonus
Heavy Armor Bonus
Aircraft Factory Bonus
Naval Firecontrol Bonus
Carrier Doctrine Bonus
Capital Doctrine Bonus
Naval Heavy Battery Bonus
Naval Medium Battery Bonus
Electric Torpedo Bonus
Naval Engine Bonus
Air Superiority doctrines bonus
Operational Destruction doctrines bonus
Bomber models bonus
Naval bomber models bonus
Strategic Destruction doctrines bonus
Land doctrines bonus
Industry technologies bonus
Electronics bonus
Medium Armor models bonus
Armor models bonus
Armor model synergy bonus
Infantry weapon synergy bonus
RADAR technologies bonus
Paratrooper bonus
Mechanized Army bonus
Wonder weapons bonus
Destroyer models bonus
Mechanized Bonus
Construction technology bonus
Cruiser models bonus
Carrier models bonus
Battleship models bonus
Battleship Armor bonus
Battleship Armor bonus
Battlecruiser models bonus
Submarine models bonus
Recon technology bonus
Special Forces bonus
Akagi Blueprints
Chinese Development bonus
Artillery bonus
Capital Ship models bonus
Trade Interdiction doctrines bonus
Special forces bonus
Air models bonus
Ship models bonus
Naval technologies bonus
Light Naval Battery bonus
Medium Naval Battery bonus
Heavy Naval Battery bonus
Fighter models bonus
Convoy Defence doctrine bonus
Synthetic resource technologies
Naval Doctrines bonus
Convoy Interdiction bonus
Code-breaking bonus
Strategic Bomber bonus
Jet Aircraft models bonus
Marine Infantry bonus
Transport ship models
Artillery technologies bonus
Anti Tank bonus
Air doctrine bonus
Submarine Operations doctrines bonus
Infantry Weapons bonus
Motorized Infantry bonus
Infantry Weapons and Artillery bonus
Special Forces bonus
Close Air Support models bonus
Jet and Rocket Engine bonus
Fleet in Being doctrines bonus
Industrial bonus
Nuclear Bonus
§YThe NKVD§! is now more tightly integrated in our army, making sure soldier morale and faith in the Party is high.\n'§YNKVD§!' also grants improved Reinforce Rate!\n
This will disband [Root.GetFactionName] and create the §YBerlin-Moscow§! faction.\n
§RIf the Soviets accept our offer we will suffer some loss of National Unity due to this change of policy. Needless to say, our fellow Fascists and the Democratic powers will also be upset by this turn of events.§!\n
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Stalin
 Purged by Trotsky
Limited Rearmament
The recent stirrings from Germany and other Fascist powers around the world suggest that we may not enjoy peace in our time. In preparation, we should begin to set the pieces in motion for our own rearmament if the situation gets any worse.
Reinforce the Empire
Our Empire is vast, and despite our power, weakly defended. To combat this, we need to encourage Imperial Patriotism throughout the realm.
Service Overseas
By rotating armed forces personnel to colonial stations and back home again they can learn about the conditions on different fronts, gain experience, and share it with their comrades back home.
Mediterranean Bastion
The route through the Mediterranean is a vitally important shortcut to and from India. As such, it is of utmost importance to keep it open and in our hands.
Fortify the Rock
As well as controlling the entrance to the Mediterranean, Gibraltar provides a strongly defended harbour from which ships can operate in both the Atlantic and the Mediterranean. As such, it is imperative that it is strongly guarded.
Coerce Greece
It is in our interests to have basing rights in Greece, and frankly the Greeks are in no position to refuse us.
Fortify Malta
Malta commands an excellent position in the central Mediterranean, a vital way station along our lifeline through Egypt and the Suez Canal to India and the Far East. Time spent fortifying it more strongly could never be wasted.
We can now deploy Motorized Infantry Divisions.
Development in Canada
An investment in Canada's Industry and Shipyards will provide a boost to their economy and allow them to provide a greater contribution in the event of war.
Development in Australia
An investment in Australia's Shipyards and Industry will provide a boost to their economy and allow them to provide a greater contribution in the event of war.
£tech_mod Commonwealth Knowledge
The added knowledge and scientific abilities of our Commonwealth Allies will further our own scientific breakthroughs.
Protect Suez
Controlling the Suez channel is part of how the British Empire retains its command of the sea. Losing this region would be disastrous. Measures must be taken to fortify it.
Balkan Strategy
Many of the nations in the Balkans are pro-British and see the same threat from central Europe as we do. If we seize the opportunity and support them early, we can secure their loyalty, although at the expense of angering their vengeful neighbours.
Develop New Zealand
New Zealand retains a strong connection to our nation and has warned against the fascist threat. Their contribution in the event of war is certain, and we should aid them in preparing accordingly.
Develop South Africa
The political situation in South Africa is uncertain. We cannot fully trust that they will support our war effort, but by aiding them in strengthening their industry, we can hope to increase support for the British cause.
Develop Ireland
The political situation in Ireland worrying, many are pushing to leave the commonwealth, but by aiding them in strengthening their industry, we can hope to increase support for the British cause.

Increases Trade Opinion with all American nations.
Recent Fascist expansionism


Allows §YKamikaze Strike§! air missions, suicide attacks against enemy ships.
The branches are mutually exclusive.
Mutually exclusive with
$FOCUS|Y$
This focus currently has no effect. Changes in the world situation may affect this.

£tech_mod Electrified Laboratories
Our success in building the worlds largest Hydro-electric plant on the River Shannon shows that we have much to offer in the field of electricity and its further development. Have the Electrical Supply Board draw up plans for designing further technology to help grow the nation and bring us to speed with our neighbors in this field.
Emergency Powers Act
War is sweeping across Europe and Ireland is in danger. We must declare a state of emergency and protect the Irish state.
Declare Irish Neutrality
We will declare that Ireland will remain as a neutral in this conflict, despite many in Ireland harbouring anti-fascist sentiments whilst others sympathise with them out of spite for the British.
Offenses Against the State Act
The IRA have been permitted to exist since the civil war ended, but with the threat of war looming over Ireland, this can no longer be permitted. We will arrest the prominent IRA members and disarm them.
Prepare for War
The Irish people clamour for revenge against the British, and with a storm gathering across Europe, Britain is crumbling. Ireland will not sit idly by while Europe erupts, we shall go to war!
Operation Kathleen
With the IRA back in the fold, we have discovered a plan to invade Northern Ireland that they had hatched with the Germans. It's possible we could use this plan ourselves, if we can secure German protection.
Fortify the Ports
With the treaty ports now returned to us, we also bear the responsibility of defending them
Plan W
German aggression has not gone unnoticed. The British have come to us with secured intelligence that details a German invasion of Britain, code-named 'Operation Sea Lion' and invasion of Ireland, 'Operation Green'. We must take steps to protect ourselves against this, even if it means aligning with the Allies.
Empower The IRA
With Ireland deciding to go to war, the IRA are becoming restless. We could quell them with diplomacy however as they are sympathetic to our cause we may be able to integrate them with our army and use their experience of guerrilla tactics.
Align with the Axis
If we are planning to go to war with Britain, we cannot do so alone. Ireland must align itself with the Axis powers and hopefully seek an alliance in our bid to reclaim Northern Ireland.
Ireland United
Since the War of Independence in 1921, we have sought the unification of Ireland. Now, as war looms on the world, and whilst Britain is weak, it is time for us to realize this goal!
They Are Our People
The Belfast Blitz, although targeted at the British via Northern Ireland, was still an attack against the Irish people on Irish soil. They are our people, we are one and the same and their current sorrow is also our sorrow.
Malcolm MacDonald
Malcolm MacDonald, who negotiated with the Irish Free State in 1937 to settle trade disputes, has returned to Ireland with an intriguing offer.
Constitution Of Ireland
We must create a constitution to establish the Oireachtas' rule over Ireland. This constitution will fully cement the Irish state as 'Ireland'
Irish Constitution
Hold a Referendum
With the new constitution drafted we now need to hold a referendem for its adoption
True Independence
It is time for us to break completely from England and rule our own destiny
Build Sugar Beet Factories
Early manufacturing efforts during the 1800s proved Ireland could produce good quality sugar. The first processing plant opened in Carlow in 1926 and was quickly followed by others. Ruling party Fianna Fail realized the potential and founded Cómlucht Siúicre Eireann (Irish Sugar Company) in 1933.\n Government Ministers called for increased production and industrialization leading to the building of more factories the following year.
Expand the Electrical Grid
The Electricity Supply Act of 1927 established the Bord Soláthair an Leictreachais (Electricity Supply Board - ESB) following the successful establishment of the Ardnacrusha Hydro-electric plant on the River Shannon – then the largest in the world. By 1935, the plant was producing 80% of electricity in the country. The availability of electricity would gradually expand, helping modernize the country. The ESB made plans for more hydroelectric dams and started projects designed to expand rural access to power, though much of this would be delayed by the onset of the second world war.
The National Corporate Party
The National Corporate Party, known as the 'Blueshirts', are rising in popularity. They promise a stronger Ireland and to remove the communists.
Irish Worker League
The Irish Worker League is led by James Larkin, known as 'Big Jim', the General Secretary of the Workers' Union. They are promising improved rights for workers.
Civil War Lessons
It has been over 10 years since the bitter civil war, some of the lessons learned could be put to use
Mobilize the Irish Defence Forces
The Defence Forces Act of 1923 gave way to the Defence Forces, remnants of the army that fought in the Civil War, to be used to defend Ireland from both external and internal threats. Now it is time to mobilize them.
An Chéad Chathlán Coisithe
We have only a small Defence Force, but if we are going to defend Ireland against its enemies, we must innovate.
National Army
Since the end of the Civil War and with the establishment of the Defence Force, we have been reluctant to have a 'National Army'. Now with war approaching, we should rebuild our forces.
Special Infantry Corps
After the Civil War, the Special Infantry Corps were established to counter the IRA, socialist threats and to break up strikes. Now we can repurpose them for war.
Coal-Cattle Pact
By 1934, tensions in the Anglo-Irish Trade War were at an all-time high. The two countries have raised tariffs on each other’s products. The restrictions on Irish Beef and British Coal in particular, however, seem to have driven some sense back into both sides. The pact saw both nations reduce tariffs and quotas, easing tensions and the impact of the ongoing trade war. Some within Irish circles remain upset, however, convinced the British got the better deal. The old cry of “Burn everything British except their coal” seems to indicate that anti-british opinion is still very much alive.
Reclaim Treaty Ports
The Anglo-Irish treaty of 1921, left 3 Irish ports in the hands of the British military mainly for their use in a future anti-submarine warfare campaign - Cobh, Berehaven and Lough Swilly. Late in the ongoing Anglo-Irish Trade War of the 1930s, the British indicated they would be willing to release the ports. Under pressure at home to ease the trade war, the Irish government entered talks in 1937, with Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain eventually agreeing to cede the ports back to the Irish unconditionally as a goodwill gesture. It would be finally completed in 1938 with the signing of the Eire Confirmation Agreements and the end of the Trade War.
Establish Irish Shipping Ltd
With most of Ireland’s food and supplies coming via England, the outbreak of war saw critical shortages. Most Irish shipping, operated by British companies, had been redirected for the war effort and the British Prime Minister was not inclined to reverse this. “Irish Shipping Ltd” was founded in March 1941 to establish a self-sufficient fleet. Ships were acquired from various nations and were critical in allowing the Irish to maintain its neutrality during the war…a policy it likely would’ve been forced to abandon by 1941 otherwise.
Develop Farmland
With the rise of the Irish Free State in the 1920s, the time is ripe to attempt to industrialize the small nation. Though the lack of resources, money, and population hindered these efforts in the past, the country possess a strong base to grow. The Great Depression and the Anglo-Irish Trade War has shown the weakness of the agriculturally based economy. With emigration falling, now is the time to prepare space for jobs here at home.
Eire (Confirmation of Agreements) Act
The Anglo-Irish Trade war was difficult on the economies of both Britain and Ireland. On-going high-level talks finally saw the agreement to end tariffs imposed by both nations and resolved the initial dispute of Irish payments of land annuities that initially started the trade war. On this, the Irish government agreed to pay a final 10 million, a significant savings from the estimated remaining payment. The British also confirmed the transfer of the so called ‘Treaty Ports’ originally guaranteed to the British military. The British government notably referred to Ireland by the Irish name ‘Eire’ not ‘Ireland’ thus avoiding the contentious issue of the North of Ireland remaining a part of Great Britain.
The Magazine Fort
Following the departure of the British military in 1921, the Irish took control of its fortifications throughout the country, including the Magazine Fort in the Capital city of Dublin. The government continued the practice of centrally storing weapons and ammunition there…a state of affairs closely monitored by the IRA.
Reclaim IRA Munitions
A massive nationwide manhunt for the perpetrators of the magazine raid was launched aiming to recover the stolen arms and munitions. By January 1940, most of the equipment had been recovered. Morale of the IRA collapsed as raids saw the arrest of members and sympathizers. The raid helped the government pass the emergency powers act which guarded against further IRA actions.
The 1st Amendment
War is certain in Europe and the wounds of the Great War fester in Germany. We must amend our constitution to leave us better equipped for the coming storm by granting the Oireachtas the power to declare a state of emergency.
The Air Corps
Closer ties with the United Kingdom will allow us to purchase better aircraft from them, we will need these if war is to break out.
Gloster Gladiators
War is moving ever closer. We can bolster our Air Corps with aircraft from the United Kingdom, including the Gloster Gladiator bi-planes.
Hawker Hurricanes
If we are to remain safe from invasion, we must modernize the Air Corps, starting with the Hawker Hurricane fighters.
The Marine and Coastal Service
War is looming, and if we plan to remain neutral we must defend our waters. With the Royal Navy withdrawing from the treaty ports, we can re-establish a navy.
The Marine Service
The Marine and Coastal Service is growing, and is protecting civillian vessels in our waters and beyond. We will therefore rename it 'The Marine Service'
The Naval Service
It is clear that the Marine Service is not enough, therefore we will disband it and establish the Naval Service as a permanent part of our Defence Forces.
Bord na Móna
Established in 1933 as ‘Turf Development Board, Ltd’, the government aimed to drain the numerous peat bogs of the country. During the second world war as fuel shortages reached critical levels the peat industry soared as an alternative, eventually reaching over 5 million tons of peat extracted a year. The company would be renamed ‘Bord na Mona’ in 1946 and remained the main source of energy for Ireland’s power into the 2000s.
Modernize the ESB
The Electricity Supply Board was set up by the Irish Free State in 1927. Uranium is fast becoming an alternative to coal, which is in short supply. We should look at adapting the ESB for modern times.
Secret Defence Force
With our now modernized Defence Force, we may be able to take steps towards establishing research into 'secret' weapons like nuclear or rocket technology.
Modern Air Corps
We can consider the possibility of investing in jet technology to truly establish our Air Corps as a significant power in the Defence Forces.
New Oath of Allegiance
Before Article 17 was removed from the constitution, members of the government had to swear an oath to the British King. We may bring that back, with the oath instead referring to the Irish head of state, to inspire loyalty.
Oppose The Anglo-Irish Treaty
With our state now stronger under unified leadership, we can oppose the Anglo-Irish Treaty and become a self-governing state, free of the British.
Éire Nua
Ireland is one nation and we will ensure it is united! We will reinforce the idea of a new united Ireland, under our Government.
Fianna Éireann
The Fianna Éireann were a nationalist youth organisation prominent in many events during the build up to the War of Independence - most notably the Easter Rising. We can establish a similar order under our Government to recruit the youth of Ireland.
Oifigeach Polaitiúil
The Comintern were very influential in James Larkin's rise to power and the establishment of his party. There is much we can learn from the Soviet Union, including their system of political officers.
Óglaigh na hÉireann
Ireland has a proud history of warriors, we are a nation built on war and soon we will face the greatest war ever. We must rebuild our warrior culture to face the coming threats.
Bolster Irish Technology
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our faction will be able to conduct wartime research & development more efficiently.
£tech_mod Industrial Research
Our industrial expansion as well as other recent advances might allow us to conduct more research & development in parallel.
£tech_mod Advanced Research
The rapid industrialization of our nation has opened up new opportunities in research & development that we should embrace.
Fianna Fáil
The Fianna Fáil Party was founded by Éamon de Valera, and is the primary democratic party in Ireland. They have been in power since 1932 and must continue to be if Ireland should remain democratic in these troubling times.
Island Defences
Ireland has only just seen our independence, and there are many threats poised against us. After years of bloody war, it is time to build up our defences.
Intervene
While Ireland is just a small island, we may still field a sizable army, that could be sent into war with our democratic allies, however this means that we would neglect our home front.
Gallóglaigh
Anglicised as 'Gallowglass', the Gallóglaigh were primarily Norse-Scottish mercenaries, used by the Irish kings of old. The term can mean 'foreign warriors' and we can use this principle now, to send our own foreign legions to our allies.
Channel the Mór-ríoghain
The Morrigan were three sister-goddesses associated with war. They are an emblem of a proud and ancient history of war in Ireland, and even in these modern times of peace, we can show the world how proud the Irish can be.
A place in the commonwealth
British Economic Aid
United again under British rule
Prepare the economy for war
Altantic Weather Monitoring Stations
Commonwealth Research
 Referendum Passed
Irish Steel

Recruitment Drive

Develop Cork Harbor
Cork Harbor is the second largest harbor in the world after Sydney Australia. It was a key port during the British time in Ireland and the opportunity exists to make it the centerpiece of Irish maritime trade and naval buildup.
Military Development
The loss of arms and munitions to the IRA embarrassed the Irish government, as well as highlighted its inability to replace lost or stolen equipment. The development of military industry will ensure the armed forces can remain supplied and ready to defend the nation.
Support Weapons

Eastablish the Irish Red Cross Society
The society was formally established on 6 July 1939 under the Red Cross Act 1938. It is affiliated to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
Join the Commonwealth Air Programme

Open Shannon Airport
Located 20km west of the City of Limerick, the Shannon International Airport will offer transatlantic flights
Prepare for Winter
There are undoubtedly some troublesome times ahead. With former enemies in the east, tensions growing in the south and overseas threats to our way of life, our government needs to agree on how we shall best protect the Finnish people, and we need to do so fast.
Rapala
Rapala is a manufacturer of fishing lures and other fishing related products. It was founded in Finland in 1936 by Lauri Rapala, who is credited for creating the world's first floating minnow lure carved from cork with a shoemaker's knife, covered with chocolate candy bar wrappers and melted photography film negatives for a protective outer coating. He created the lure in order to try and catch a pike. The floating minnow lure later went on to become the first Rapala lure once the company was created
Rederi Ab Sally

Self Reliance

Rethink Front Lines

Vaisala Oyj

Suunto Oy

Military Production

Stockpile Fuel

Prepare for War
We cannot afford to be caught off guard in the case of a foreign invasion. It is better to build military equipment and never use than to lack it when it is most needed.
Develop the War Machine
Increased production of military equipment will help safeguard our sovereignty. Some have even begun discussions of a more aggressive army.
Stockpile Rations
Harsh winter means less food for our people and perhaps more importantly, troops. If our men are to defend our glorious nation we will need to improve our infrastructure.
Seek Allies
We should seek to emulate our neighbours and try to forge alliances to help protect our mutual interests.
Invest in the Private Sector
A good economy is nothing to scoff at. Whatever path we choose to walk, we will need a strong private sector to help us build the future we want.
Expand the Mines
The northern mines are full of resources. If we choose to invest in them, we could retrieve more resources either for export or domestic use.
£tech_mod Multilingual Education
Changing demographics are causing problems for many students whom don't speak Finnish. By establishing both Swedish and Russian as official languages, we can make sure that our population will be better educated.
The Second Mannerheim Line
The Mannerheim Line was a defensive fortification line on the Karelian Isthmus built by Finland against the Soviet Union. It may be wise to invest in a similar structure of forts and bunkers on the eastern front in order to prepare a powerful defence.
Motti Tactics
Motti is Finnish military slang for a totally encircled enemy unit. A motitus is a double envelopment manoeuvre, using the ability of light troops to travel over rough ground to encircle enemy troops on a road. The tactic is especially useful for heavily outnumbered but mobile forces, especially in the snowy climate of Finland.
Eastern Defence
The eastern front is large and hard to defend. We should focus on raising more defensive structures if it is to survive a war with the Soviet Union.
Democratic Support
By relaxing some laws and legislating further protection of human rights we could potentially make some powerful allies out of our neighbours and find friends abroad.
Nationalist Support
The Finnish people are rightfully a proud one. We need to establish our superiority in Europe and ally ourselves with nations that share our nationalistic vision.
Communist Support
Our populace is demanding that we embrace Communism.
The ban on communism was clearly a knee-jerk reaction after the Winter War. We need to rethink on stance on the revolution, for helping the proletariat seize the means of production will strengthen our nation and could possibly turn our old enemies into our most powerful friends.
Liberal Unity
Our people believe in us, especially now that elections are becoming truly democratic. They can believe in a government that chosen by them, and not forced upon them.
Revive the Kalmar Union
The Kalmar Union or Union of Kalmaris was a state that brought together the Scandinavian nations from 1397 to 1523. It turned Scandinavia into a force to be reckoned with. Perhaps reviving it is worth an attempt, seeing how it would strengthen us and our allies while making us independent from Allied influence.
Join the Allies
The Allies are the defenders of democracy and human rights in a world where communist and nationalist dictatorship are rising up left and right. We ought to join them and secure our position as a bastion of democracy before someone threatens us.
Expansionism
With the recent political changes, we are seeing increasing support for the expansion of our borders.
Invite Norway
Norway are on good terms with us and the rest of Scandinavia. Keeping that in mind, they also posses coasts of great strategic importance and their northern borders could serve as a buffer zone for us. It would be foolish not to consider their inclusion in the new Kalmar Union.
Invite Denmark
Denmark has strong cultural and ideological bonds with the rest of Scandinavia. Their position in the south on mainland Europe is an incredibly important asset. Our advisors suggest we invite them to the Second Kalmar Union.
Expand the White Guard
In the Winter War the White Guard was responsible for the carrying out of the mobilisation. A quarter of the manpower of the field army consisted of Guard members. This contribution proved important, as Guard members were the best trained and equipped personnel in an army which lacked even basic supplies.
Civilian Field Kitchens
Finland experienced a large deficit in the supply of tents, stoves and other equipment, but many deaths were avoided thanks to civilian volunteers who set up kitchens and provided food for the troops in the field.
Ski Infantry
Ski troops played a key role in the successes of the Finnish war effort against the Soviet Union during the Winter War in 1939. Forested, rural terrain with no roads was used by Finnish ski troops with great success against the advancing mechanized Soviet troops.
Molotov Cocktails
The Finns perfected the design and tactical use of the petrol bomb. Further refinements included the attachment of wind-proof matches or a phial of chemicals that would ignite on breakage, thereby removing the need to pre-ignite the bottle, and leaving the bottle about one-third empty was found to make breaking more likely.
Wolf Divisions
As our army grows in both size and power, we should start focusing on using more aggressive tactics. Our troops are no longer merely a force for defence.
Legalize Communism
Support grows for socialist reforms, and we can no longer enforce our ban on communism without appearing tyrannical. It is time we legalize leftist parties and allow the politics of our country to progress naturally.
Kommunistinen Nuorisoliitto
Kommunistinen Nuorisoliitto, or Communist Youth League in English, was the youth wing of the Finnish SKP. The organization's main goal was to increase support for communism amongst the young to ensure popular support for leftist parties.
The Karjala Agreement
The border disputes with the Soviet Union have already cost us dearly. It is time we end this squabble and accept our communist comrades as allies. We can attempt to broker a deal with the Soviet Union to give them the Karjala region, in exchange for Karelian territories that many ethnic Finns still call home.
Establish Greater Finland
Greater Finland is an irredentist and nationalist idea that emphasized territorial expansion of Finland. The most common conception of Greater Finland was defined by natural borders encompassing the territories inhabited by Finns and Karelians, ranging from the White Sea to Lake Onega and along the Svir River and Neva River including the Ingrian region and the Kola Peninsula.
Southern Foothold
If we want to expand, we will need more opportunities to do so than the frozen climate of the west and east. Estonia will be no match for our army, and their lands provide us with a strategic foothold across the sea.
German Backing
The powerful German Reich is willing to aid us against the power hungry Comintern in the east and the foolish western democracies who would condemn our pride. Support for the axis is mixed in our country, but the majority agree that we cannot afford to reject such a powerful ally.
Independent Revolution
Our glorious revolution can succeed without the aid of the corrupt Comintern. We will be best of creating a true communist state according to our own principles.
Propaganda Machine
Inspiring posters, movies and speeches have rallied our people. They are ready to support us whatever happens.
The Lotta Svärd
During the Winter War some 100,000 men whose jobs were taken over by 'Lottas' were freed for military service. The Lottas worked in hospitals, at air-raid warning posts and other auxiliary tasks in conjunction with the armed forces. The Lottas, however, were officially unarmed. The only exception was a voluntary anti-aircraft battery in Helsinki, composed of Lotta Svärd members.
Pacifist Sentiment
Our people are united in the belief for world peace. They also understand that sometimes alliances must be made, if merely to act as a deterrent against those who would otherwise threaten the peace.
Found ValPo
Historically founded in 1937, Valtiollinen poliisi, shortened ValPo and meaning \"state police\" was the predecessor of the Finnish Security Intelligence Service. The organization's spies have been credited among other things with allegedly managing to photograph Heinrich Himmler's briefcase on his visit to Finland.
Deterrence
Sadly, not all share our vision for peace. Therefore, we should invest in our defences, that way we will not appear as an easy target to warmongering expansionists.
£tech_mod Military Necessity
The Finnish nation is one that knows how valuable an innovative mind can be during times of war. We need to encourage scientists to continue their efforts and keep coming up with new breakthroughs if we are to secure our future both short- and long-term.
Secret Weapons
Who knows what some nations have up their sleeves? Countless inventions are kept secret for a long time, as the element of surprise can be the most valuable asset in war.
Cautious Politics
If we are to come out of the brewing storm with minimal losses, we would do best not to choose sides. There is no reason to paint a target on our own backs.
Limited Motorization
The Finns long preferred their cavalry regiments to motorized infantry. The horses could run through deep snow that stopped the Soviet Forces, which meant that the motorization of the Finnish army was slowed significantly.
Tuli-Isku
'Tuli-Isku' means 'Fire Strike' in Finnish. Support artillery saw extensive use by the Finns in both the Winter War and the Continuation War.
Study Foreign Vehicles
Most Finnish vehicles were quite outdated even after the Winter War. We would do best to study proven imported vehicles instead of continuing the production of our current models.
Import Tanks
We can dramatically speech up our research and deployment of new tanks by importing larger quantities of them. That way we could have battalions using the newer models before we completely backwards-engineer them.
Theft & Learning
Thanks to previous war efforts, we still possess many captured tanks. By focusing more on these 'borrowed' tanks we can make the entire research project both cheaper and faster!
Aviation Effort
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Nowhere is technological advances more rapid than in aerial warfare. Aviation is a field any modern nation must master.
Fighter Focus
We have not seen that last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Bomber Focus
When people of the future speak of the horror to today's wars, fire raining from the skies will prominently feature. We will do our best to ensure those stories are told by our enemies.
Aviation Effort II
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force well with other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
Rocket Effort
Rocket and jet engines allow for unprecedented speeds for unmanned and manned vessels alike. Pioneering these technologies will allow us to take the enemy by surprise.
NAV Effort
Just as the new naval warfare takes place in part beneath the water's surface, part of it takes place in the air above the waters.
Naval Effort
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Dockyards§!
The expansion of our navy should be our priority. Assign all available resources to new Dockyards and research into light surface ships.
Flexible Navy
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Large Navy
Adapting our naval doctrines to accommodate large ships and ensuring the safety of our trade convoys will teach us much about what sort of ships we need.
Submarine Effort
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Cruiser Effort
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, the smaller cruisers need replacement.
Destroyer Effort
Studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we have also learned how to counter those strategies. Destroyers will be crucial for this.
Capital Ship Effort
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. Battleships and carriers represent the old and the new in naval superiority.
Further Artillery Support
Artillery support has proven invaluable to our armies. It should be a top priority to continue improvement and deployment of new technologies to save more of our countrymen's lives.
Fortress Åland
By fortifying the island we can turn it into a formidable naval base. The expansion of naval dockyards will also provide us with the means to establish and maintain superiority.
Marines and Landing Craft
Wars are not won by naval power alone; we must also be able to transport our armies across the waves and put them ashore safely...
Paratroopers and Air Bases
Wars are not won by planes alone; we must also be able to transport our armies across the skies and put them behind enemy lines safely...
Flying Lottas
While elsewhere in the country there are talks of a 'Lotta Svärd' organization of auxiliary support, the air force has also begun discussing the involvement of women. The Finnish ladies have proven their resolve, and most of the leadership is open to accept them into the ranks of our pilots.
Rethink Isolation

Military Agreements with the Reich

Winter Base

The Continuation War
Improve the support

Flee Karjala

The Winter War has finished
Invitation to Second Kalmar Union
In an effort to strengthen the north and contain the possible resurgence of aggressive expansionism from the east and south, Finland has requested that we join them in an alliance aiming to bring these nations together.
Gladly. The Kalmar Union needs to be rebuilt.
[Root.GetName] walks its own path.
[From.GetName] Joins Second Kalmar Union
Our plan to establish a Scandinavian Union is succeeding. [From.GetLeader] approves of our efforts and has accepted our invitation to an alliance.
We are one step closer to rebuilding the Kalmar Union.
[From.GetName] Refuses Second Kalmar Union
Despite our best efforts to offer support to the Second Kalmar Union, our most recent attempt to reach out to one of the nations has been met with skepticism. [From.GetLeader] has refused to join the alliance, perhaps doubting our motives, or perhaps being concerned that aligning too closely with us would make them a target.
They could already be a target for all they know!
Britain accepts ally request
'History has shown how much can be accomplished when great nations stand side by side. We are proud to welcome you not only as friends, but as Allies. Together we will be a shining beacon of liberty in a world encroached by the darkness of oppression!'\n\nOur request to join Britain as Allies has been accepted. We can count on their full support in the turbulent times ahead.
Together we will hold the line!
Britain denies ally request
'While we have enjoyed good relations in the past, we cannot risk an escalation of the conflicts across the channel. Germany has earned our trust in the honouring of our Naval Pact, and we have no reason to anger the Soviet Union. We will defend ourselves should the fires spread we will not risk fanning the flames. Peace must always be the goal of any democratic nation.'\n\nOur request to join Britain as Allies has been denied. The British government is unwilling to antagonize Germany or the Soviet Union further, and will not jeopardize the current peace.
Yet another nation forgets Finland. We will show them!
Finland wants to join Allies
The world is growing increasingly unsafe. Britain and Finland remain bastions of democracy and liberty in Europe and Finland now propose that they join the Allies.\nHow should we reply?
Yes
No
Germany accepts ally request
'History has shown how much can be accomplished when great nations stand side by side. We are proud to welcome you not only as friends, but as allied axis members. Together we will bring order to a world encroached by the darkness of communism and the weakness of the allies!'\n\nOur request to join Germany as Axis members has been accepted. We can count on their full support in the turbulent times ahead.
Together we will hold the line!
Germany denies ally request
'While we appreciate your request to join our glorious faction, we have no reason to anger the Soviet Union and further provoke the Allies all for one insignificant country. '\n\nOur request to join the Axis has been denied. The German government is unwilling to antagonize the Soviet Union or the Soviet Union or any other major faction further, and will not jeopardize the current peace.
Yet another nation forgets Finland. We will show them!
Finland wants to join Axis
The world is growing increasingly unsafe. Germany and Finland remain bastions of national pride and military strength in Europe and Finland now propose that they join the Axis.\nHow should we reply?
Yes
No
Finland wants to join Comintern
The world is growing increasingly unsafe. The Soviet Union and Finland remain as one of the few bastions of proletariat might in this world. Finland now propose that they join the Comintern and our Karelian territories in exchange for Karjala.\nHow should we reply?
Yes
No
Soviet Union accepts ally request
'History has shown how much we stand to lose when our countries refuse to cooperate. We are proud to welcome you not only as friends, but as comrades. Together we will bring equality and justice encroached by the darkness of capitalism and fascist sentiments!'\n\nOur request to join the USSR as Comintern members has been accepted. We can count on their full support in the turbulent times ahead.
Together we will aid the revolution!
Soviet Union denies ally request
'While we appreciate your request to join our glorious revolution, we have no reason to raise tensions and compromise our relations with the other major powers all for one insignificant country. '\n\nOur request to join the Comintern has been denied. The Soviet government is unwilling to antagonize the Soviet Union or the allies or risk provoking other factions, and will not jeopardize the current peace.
Yet another nation forgets Finland. We will show them!
Britain accepts Finnish Alliance
Finland has requested a formal alliance with Britain, citing unspecified threats against the stability of Europe.\n\nToday their request was approved by the British Parliament, and Finland has joined the [ENG.GetFactionName].
We stand together.
They are preparing for the worst.
Banding together like cornered rats.
Britain has thrown in their lot.
Britain Rejects Alliance With Finland
In a surprising turn of events, the British Parliament today rejected [FIN.GetName]'s request for a formal alliance between the two nations. The reason given was to avoid agitating the already fragile balance on the European continent. \n\nThe Finnish government has condemned it as a political move, sacrificing Finnish security for British interests.
They should have asked more nicely.
The democratic fools stand divided.
A dark day for Finland.
The Second Kalmar Union
Seeking to form a united front against common enemies, [From.GetName] has reached out to Sweden with an offer to reform the \"Kalmar Union\" to unite against common enemies. While offered a place in the defensive pact, the British Prime Minister made it clear that Britain does not consider the alliance 'beneficial to the protection of European liberty.' \n\nFinland have nevertheless established diplomatic ties with other nations that might feel threatened, and are encouraging unity for the sake of keeping the diplomatic balance in Scandinavia, and prevent future conflict. Only time will tell if they can succeed.
Don't come crying to us later, then!
Länge leve Kalmarunionen!
We must never let Scandinavia to pose a threat.
Scandinavia must unite against Fascist and Communist aggressors!
A sign of rising European tensions.
Germany accepts Finland into the Axis
Finland has requested a formal alliance with Germany, citing unspecified threats against the stability of Europe and their own safety.\n\nToday their request was approved by the German Chancellor, and Finland has joined the [GER.GetFactionName].
We stand together.
They are preparing for the worst.
Banding together like cornered rats.
Germany has thrown in their lot.
Germany Rejects Alliance With Finland
In a surprising turn of events, the German Chancellor today rejected [FIN.GetName]'s request for a formal alliance between the two nations. The reason given was to avoid agitating the already fragile balance on the European continent. \n\nThe Finnish government has condemned it as a political move, sacrificing Finnish security for German interests.
They should have asked more nicely.
The democratic fools stand divided.
A dark day for Finland.
The Karjala Agreement
Seeking to reconcile the two nations, Finland has requested a formal alliance with the Soviet Union, citing unspecified threats against the stability of Europe and their own safety. To further ease tensions, Finland has agreed to cede Karjala to the Soviet Union in exchange for the states of Murmansk and Onega that are home to a large population of Finnish minorities.\n\nToday the deal was approved by the Premier of the Soviet Union and Finland has joined the [SOV.GetFactionName].
We stand together.
They are preparing for the worst.
Banding together like cornered rats.
The USSR has thrown in their lot.
Soviet Union Rejects Karjala Agreement
In a surprising turn of events, the Soviet Premier rejected [FIN.GetName]'s request for a formal alliance between the two nations. The reason given was that the Karjala deal was not seen as mutually beneficial but merely as a way for Finland's borders to expand
They should have asked more nicely.
The communist fools stand divided.
A dark day for the revolution.
Finland Announces Claims On Estonian Territory
Speaking to the Finnish populations along the Baltic coast, [From.GetLeader] has announced that [From.GetName] fully considers Finnish-speaking territory in [EST.GetName] to be a rightful part of [From.GetName]. [From.GetLeader] also cited the strategic importance of the Estonian region and claims that by uniting the two countries under the Finnish more people can be protected from larger threats abroad. \n\nAn official statement backed up the claims, making it clear that [From.GetName] is prepared to take the territory by force, if need be.
Those are Estonian lands, not Finnish!
They are upsetting the already fragile balance in the region.
Those territories seem more Finnish than Estonian.
We can now deploy Great War Tank divisions
We can now deploy Early Fighter Planes \n
We can now deploy Early Bomber Planes \n
Add 15 forts on the Soviet border \n
Add 9 forts on the Soviet border
Finland will cede Karjala to the Soviet Union in exchange for Murmansk, Onega and a membership in the Comintern. \n
Civilian Field Kitchens
Finland experienced a large deficit in the supply of tents, stoves and other equipment, but many deaths were avoided thanks to civilian volunteers who set up kitchens and provided food for the troops in the field.
Motti Tactics
Motti is Finnish military slang for a totally encircled enemy unit. A motitus is a double envelopment manoeuvre, using the ability of light troops to travel over rough ground to encircle enemy troops on a road. The tactic is especially useful for heavily outnumbered but mobile forces, especially in the snowy climate of Finland.
The White Guard
In the Winter War the White Guard was responsible for the carrying out of the mobilisation. A quarter of the manpower of the field army consisted of Guard members. This contribution proved important, as Guard members were the best trained and equipped personnel in an army which lacked even basic supplies.
Mannerheim's Legacy
Mannerheim's initiative to build forts on the Soviet border has left Finland with many skilled military engineers. We should not let their knowledge go to waste.
Theft & Learning
Ban on Communism
The rise of radical right-wing parties in Finland as well as increasingly tense relations with the USSR has led to a ban on many of Finland's communist parties, most notably the Comintern-friendly SKP.
Finland claims Estonia
ValPo
Second Kalmar Union
Last Stand in Korea
Our Army is on the defensive. We must avoid losing our foothold in the mainland of Asia. We can \"conscript\" the locals in the northern part of Korea to build us a defensive line from Pyongyang and all along the river to the eastern cost of Korea.
Northern Expansion Doctrine
The Northern Expansion Doctrine, \"Hokushin-ron\", favours attacking the Soviet Union. To do this, our army must be our number 1 priority, and as a result it is important to expand our industrial capacity.
Southern Expansion Doctrine
The Southern Expansion Doctrine, \"Nanshin-ron\", favours gaining resources in the South, by expanding our naval bases and our navy, as well as focusing on our enemies in that area. The Navy favours this particular doctrine.
Peace in the North
Our focus is needed elsewhere, we will cede the island of Sakhalin to achieve peace
Radical Factions in The IJA
Radical factions in the military have been losing support for the past few years, but they are still large enough to launch a coup, should something trigger them.
Infrastructure Improvements in Korea
If we are to support a large army, capable of defeating the Soviet Union, then we must improve our infrastructure in Korea and Manchuria. This will be a start.
Further Infrastructure Improvements
We must further expand our railways and roads in the area leading up to the Soviet-Japanese border.
Expansion of Ports
As we have no land connection between our home territory and our Manchurian lands, supplies will have to come in by sea. That is why we must expand our ports too!
Begin Build-up
Its time to begin our troop build-up on the Soviet border. First, we must improve the local infrastructure.
Military Science
Civilian science and military science are both important to a nation's strength. A reasonable funding to the latter will make our army more formidable.
Increased Competition
The increased competition between the big two Zaibatsu has resulted in better efforts in research and production.
Colonial Assimilation Policy
Colonial Army
Develop the Interior
The Portuguese government will make sure the industry gets the support it needs, in terms of good infrastructure throughout the country.
Build Factories I
The Portuguese government promised to increase the production in Portugal. It is now time for them to deliver.
Build Military Factories I
If Portugal is to be a Major power again we must deliver more weapons production. So be it.
Develop the Azores
Azores is a strategic group of islands on the Atlantic. We must develop it, if we wish to achieve control of the Atlantic.
Fortify the Azores
Azores is a strategic group of islands on the Atlantic. We must fortify it, if we wish to achieve control of the Atlantic.
Develop the Madeira
Madeira may not be as strategic has Azores but, we must also develop it. It will be a support base for the Atlantic.
£tech_mod Industrial Research
£tech_mod Fund Domestic Scientists
Additional funding to scientists in our country will allow for greater research capabilities.
Steel mines of Aljustrel
The steel mines of Aljustrel were an important mining facility on WW2. They were founded in 1847 upon discovery of a steel source.
Chromium mines of Grandola
The chromium mines of Grandola were an important mining facility on WW2. They were founded in 1900 upon discovery of a chromium source.
The Ultramar
We must ready up and extend us develop politic to the colonial regions. The Ultramar was a designation to the Portuguese colonies when the war broke on the Portuguese colonies in 1961 on Angola. This war ended with the 1974 revolution.
Build Refineries on Angola
To secure new resources to our Empire we must build refineries if possible on multiple states. We start now with Angola.
Develop East Timor
Timor is a stronghold on the Oceania. It might be a good option to develop it so we can build up our military power in the region.
Angola Military Factories
It is advisable to improve further our African bastion. The construction of military factories will boost our military.
Rubber on East Timor
We have discovered a small source of rubber on East Timor. We should build a facility to extract this resource.
The Portuguese Army
A strong army makes a fierce nation. We must develop our army both in techs as in military equipment production.
Support Weapons
The improvement of our artillery and anti-tank equipment is vital to our army.
New Army Tactics
The focus on land doctrines is important as well as recon companies.
Special Forces
We have need of elite forces; mountain troops and paratroopers should be our priority.
Armor Effort
Applying what we have learned from mechanizing our infantry, we can improve our armoured vehicles as well.
Heroes of the Sea
In the past we had forge a mighty empire, with the conquest of the new world. Now we shall rise again.
Capital Ship Effort
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. We must not allow the Royal Navy to outgun us in the Mediterranean...
Bomber Effort
The era is past when armies could win wars without looking to the skies. We must develop our tactical bombers to provide our soldiers with the air support they need.
Atlantic Fleet
Once we have broken out of the British cage, we will need to project our power across the oceans. This must be our priority.
Marines and Landing Craft
Wars are not won by naval power alone; we must also be able to transport our armies across the waves and put them ashore safely...
Jet Engine Effort
Portugal should be at the forefront of Jet engine development thanks to the brilliant work of Secondo Campini. We should give him all the resources he needs to further improve his designs for the Regio Aeronautica.
Light Ship Effort
The convoys to our overseas territories need protection. We need to develop new doctrines as well as more modern destroyers.
Escort Effort
We should make further efforts to protect our vulnerable convoys in the Atlantic.
Sea Wolves
Our German allies have developed terrifyingly efficient submarines and the 'wolf pack' doctrines to employ them. We should learn from them.
Air Innovations
Modern wars cannot be won without dominating the skies. We must do everything in our power to develop the air force!
Air Innovations II
Every advantage we can gain in the skies is precious. We should focus all of our efforts on developing our fighters.
Naval Air Effort
The efficacy of air strikes against naval targets was demonstrated by the Americans already back in 1921. We should not neglect this branch of the Air Force if we intend to wage war on a naval power.
Political Games
Portugal is always a stage of power struggle. Let’s gain some power with it.
Portugal First
Our enemies may divide and conquer lesser nations, but our people will stand united. All for one and one for all.
Protect our Liberty
In this time of ideological fanatics who seek to suffocate the human spirit, we will safeguard individual liberties and freedom.
Militarism
Those who view the military as a necessary evil are doomed to hesitate in the face of war. We will ingrain militarism into our culture to become a people of soldiers.
Political Correctness
People holding mildly controversial or otherwise embarrassing opinions appear to be concerned that there is a wide-reaching conspiracy against them. This seems like an excellent idea.
Neutrality Focus
While others may claim it takes bravery and wisdom to take sides in a global conflict, we know it takes more to refuse.
Interventionism
We value the freedom of all people, not only our own citizens. If preventing tyranny means war, then so be it.
Salazar Youth
Organizations to promote discipline and political education of young people in our nation will foster loyalty and self-sacrifice early.
Deterrence
Standing alone, we rarely benefit from war. Fortunately, we know that the best defence is one so well-known you never have to put it to use.
Volunteer Corps
Forcing our people to die for ideals of freedom would be an exercise in irony, but establishing means for those who wish to aid people abroad is not.
Para militarism
Military principles have applications outside of the military. With the development of semi-militarized units to complement our armed forces, more people will have military training.
Indoctrination
Having established our ideology as based on the truth, it may be taught as truth. Education and media must reflect this lesson.
Foreign Expeditions
With our enemies prepared to intervene in distant conflicts on behalf of their ideals, we must be ready to do the same for ours.
Why We Fight
The world is growing increasingly unsafe. Our people need to see the atrocities being committed by those who crave power. It is time we rally the people to our cause and ensure everyone is ready to fight for our freedom.
Political Commissars
To ensure that our policies are followed in military practice, we will introduce politically appointed officials into military ranks.
Álvaro Cunhal Ideas
Álvaro Barreirinhas Cunhal, who used the name Álvaro Cunhal, was a Portuguese communist revolutionary and politician. He was one of the major opponents of the dictatorial regime of Estado Novo. He served as secretary-general of the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) from 1961 to 1992. He was one of the most pro-Soviet of all western Europe communist leaders, often supporting the Soviet Union's foreign policies, including the intervention in Czechoslovakia in 1968.
Prime-Minister Salazar
António Oliveira Salazar took care of Portugal after the elections on 1933. As a man of vision, he is a bastion of unity to the people.
Ideological Fanaticism
Our politically established values and goals are worth dying for as much as any ancient faith. Any follower should be prepared to face death, and those who stray better be prepared to face death.
Technology Sharing
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
God, Country and Family
Our politically established values and goals are worth dying for as much as any ancient faith. Any follower should be prepared to face death, and those who stray better be prepared to face death.
PVDE
The PVDE or later International and State Defence Police (Polícia Internacional e de Defesa do Estado), was a Portuguese security agency that existed during the Estado Novo regime of António de Oliveira Salazar. Formally, the main roles of the PIDE were the border, immigration and emigration control and the internal and external State security. However, it became more known by its political police activities.
Befriend with Spain
We need to build up our bonds with Spain. Peace and harmony.
Demand Ceuta from Spain
Ceuta was a Portuguese state back in 1415. We lost them to Spain when our king Filipe II betrayed the true ruler of Ceuta. We must demand it back to our rule.
Demand Rhodesia from UK
Rhodesia was a Portuguese state back in the late century. We lost them to Spain when they blackmailed our weak king D. Carlos I. We must demand it back to our rule.
Demand Ceylon from UK
Ceylon was a Portuguese state back in the late century. We lost them to Spain when they blackmailed our weak king D. Carlos I. We must demand it back to our rule.
Develop Ceuta
Ceuta is a strategic bastion on North Africa. We must secure and develop it, if we wish to achieve control of Africa.
Develop Rhodesia
Rhodesia is a strategic bastion on Africa. We must secure and develop it, if we wish to achieve control of Africa.
Develop Ceylon
Ceylon is a strategic bastion on Africa. We must secure and develop it, if we wish to achieve control of Africa.
Annex Brazil
Brazil should be Portuguese. We need to take back what it was ours. Too Arms!!!
Anglo-Portuguese Alliance
Portugal will request to join the Allies! To protect freedom and democratic values across the world!
Anglo-Portuguese Alliance
Portugal will request to join the Allies! To protect freedom and democratic values across the world!
Join the Axis
Portugal will request to join the Axis! Survival of the fittest! 
Join the Comintern
Portugal will request to join the Comintern! Together, we are strong!
Demand Ceuta from Spain
Ceuta was a Portuguese state back in 1415. We lost them to Spain when our king Filipe II betrayed the true ruler of Ceuta. We must demand it back to our rule.
Demand Ceuta from Spain
Ceuta was a Portuguese state back in 1415. We lost them to Spain when our king Filipe II betrayed the true ruler of Ceuta. We must demand it back to our rule.
Call to Arms
Portugal was and will be a respected power in the world. Let’s fulfil our destiny!!!
Progress Cult
We should celebrate the innovations of outstanding Portuguese scientists and encourage the correct kind of free thinking. The USSR will always be ahead of the decadent West when it comes to daring new fields of science; just look at the brilliant work of comrade Manuel!
Socialist Science
The world, like the mind, is in constant motion. Nature is in a state of constant progress; revolution even. The principles of dialectical materialism can be applied to the natural sciences as well as the social...
Aviation Cult
Portugal will impress the world with astounding feats of aviation. Our heroic pilots are the knights of Portugal riding their air-horses.
National Pride
Our Great Nation calls upon you to serve
Women in Aviation
Comrade Maria, our heroic long-distance aviator, should be allowed to form some all-female air regiments through her Aviation Group 69 program.
Socialist Realism
All works of art in Portugal must strive to educate the people in the goals and meaning of Communism, depicting the proletariat in realistic and typical scenes of everyday life. Portuguese artists are the engineers of souls!
Allow the Math Society


Portugal is greedy!!!
Portuguese influence!!!

LisNave - Estaleiros Navais de Lisboa
NautiBer
FBP - Fábrica de Braço de Prata
CUF - Companhia União Fabril
ECA - Empresa do Cobre de Angola
Lancia Portugal - Import Company
FIAT Portugal - Auto Company
OMGA - Aeronautica Portuguesa
Junkers Portugal - Import Company
FAP - Air Material Company
Heinkel Portugal - Import Company
MAN Portugal - German Company Branch
ANA - Naval Aircraft Company
O Estado Novo
Polícia de Vigilância e Defesa do Estado
Mocidade Portuguesa
Deus, Pátria e Família

Portugal Demands Ceuta
Portugal is suggesting that we sign a treaty with them, which would give them Ceuta! They claim that to be the veracious owner of Ceuta. What should we do?
Accept the inevitable...
They will have to take our land by force!
Spain Give Up Ceuta
We were able to convince Spain of our veracious cause over Ceuta. They have agreed to hand over Ceuta to the Portuguese rule. If we play our cards just right, we could use this to improve our influence in the African Continent.
We welcome Ceuta
Spain Reject Portuguese Demands
It is obvious that Spain does not see the truth in this veracious claim. When we asked them, they barely seem to remember that Ceuta was under our rule back in the XV century, and they refused to give Ceuta away. We are now fully convinced that Ceuta must be transferred to Portugal by force, if need be.
We must liberate the population of Ceuta
Spain hand over Ceuta to Portugal
Seeing the error of their ways, Portugal graciously declared that Spain have chosen to hand over control of Ceuta. This event has come as a major surprise to most of the world. Iberian newspapers speculate about the Portuguese claims. They remember that Ceuta was ruled by the Portuguese back in the old days.
So be it.
Spain Reject Portuguese Demands
Newspapers all over the world cite the veracious claims made by Portugal, that Spain should hand over Ceuta to Portugal so that they can join once again the Portuguese rule.
We might have war on Iberia!!!

Portugal Demands Rhodesia
Portugal is suggesting that we sign a treaty with them, which would give them Rhodesia! They claim that to be the veracious owner of Rhodesia. What should we do?
Accept the inevitable...
They will have to take our land by force!
United Kingdom Give Up Rhodesia
We were able to convince the United Kingdom of our veracious cause over Rhodesia. They have agreed to hand over Rhodesia to the Portuguese rule. If we play our cards just right, we could use this to improve our influence in the African Continent.
We welcome Rhodesia
United Kingdom Reject Portuguese Demands
It is obvious that United Kingdom does not see the truth in this veracious claim. When we asked them, they barely seem to remember that Rhodesia was under our rule for centuries before they took it from us. We are now fully convinced that Rhodesia must be transferred to Portugal by force, if need be.
We must liberate the population of Rhodesia!
United Kingdom hand over Rhodesia to Portugal
Seeing the error of their ways, Portugal graciously declared that the United Kingdom have chosen to hand over control of Rhodesia. This event has come as a major surprise to most of the world. Worldwide newspapers speculate about the Portuguese claims. They remember that Rhodesia was ruled by the Portuguese back in the old days.
So be it.
United Kingdom Reject Portuguese Demands
Newspapers all over the world cite the veracious claims made by Portugal, that United Kingdom should hand over Rhodesia to Portugal so that they can join once again the Portuguese rule.
We might have war on Africa!!!

Portugal Demands Ceylon
Portugal is suggesting that we sign a treaty with them, which would give them Ceylon! They claim that to be the veracious owner of Ceylon. What should we do?
Accept the inevitable...
They will have to take our land by force!
United Kingdom Give Up Ceylon
We were able to convince the United Kingdom of our veracious cause over Ceylon. They have agreed to hand over Ceylon to the Portuguese rule. If we play our cards just right, we could use this to improve our influence in the African Continent.
We welcome Ceylon
Backdown from war
United Kingdom Reject Portuguese Demands
It is obvious that United Kingdom does not see the truth in this veracious claim. When we asked them, they barely seem to remember that Ceylon was under our rule for centuries before they took it from us. We are now fully convinced that Ceylon must be transferred to Portugal by force, if need be.
We must liberate the population of Ceylon!
United Kingdom hand over Ceylon to Portugal
Seeing the error of their ways, Portugal graciously declared that the United Kingdom have chosen to hand over control of Ceylon. This event has come as a major surprise to most of the world. Worldwide newspapers speculate about the Portuguese claims. They remember that Ceylon was ruled by the Portuguese back in the old days.
So be it.
United Kingdom Reject Portuguese Demands
Newspapers all over the world cite the veracious claims made by Portugal, that United Kingdom should hand over Ceylon to Portugal so that they can join once again the Portuguese rule.
We might have war on Asia!!!

Portugal wants to join the allies
We just got a visit from the Portuguese foreign minister, who told us how much they would like to be a part of our glorious alliance.
Anyone who can contribute are welcome into our faction
They are on their own
Britain accept Allies join request
Our request to join the Allies has been accepted! This day will be remembered for a long time in Portugal. In the coming conflict, we will be happy to have our new-found friends on our side.
Together, we are strong.
Britain Reject Portuguese Request
Our diplomats were not able to convince Britain to accept Portugal in to the allies faction. Too bad, who knows what could have been?
Well, then the British will not get to any of our support.
The Allies grows
The influence of Allies grew today when Portugal joined the faction. This will surely upset the political balance in the short term, but might stabilize it in the long term. Only time will tell.
Who would have guessed?
Allies Reject Portuguese Request
It has come to our attention that Portugal wants to join the Allies. However, UK denied the request, stating that it would not be a wise move for either part in the current situation.
Maybe it was for the best.

Portugal wants to join the axis
We just got a visit from the Portuguese foreign minister, who told us how much they would like to be a part of our glorious alliance.
Anyone who can contribute are welcome into our faction.
They are on their own.
Germany accept Axis join request
Our request to join the Axis has been accepted! This day will be remembered for a long time in Portugal. In the coming conflict, we will be so happy to have these new-found friends on our side.
Together, we are strong.
Germany Reject Portuguese Request
Our diplomats were not able to convince Germany to accept Portugal in to the axis faction. Too bad, who knows what could have been?
Well, then the Axis will not get to any of our support.
The Axis grows
The influence of Axis grew today when Portugal joined the faction. There is no consensus yet of what consequences this will have for the geopolitical stability in the long run.
Who would have guessed?
Germany Reject Portuguese Request
It has come to our attention that Portugal wants to join the Axis. However, Germany denied the request, stating that it would not be a wise move for either part in the current situation.
Maybe it was for the best.

Portugal wants to join the Comintern
We just got a visit from the Portuguese foreign minister, who told us how much they would like to be a part of our glorious alliance.
Anyone who can contribute are welcome into our faction
They are on their own
Soviet accept Comintern join request
Our request to join the Comintern has been accepted! This day will be remembered for a long time in Portugal. In the coming conflict, we will be so happy to have these new-found friends on our side.
Together, we are strong.
Soviet Reject Portuguese Request
Our diplomats were not able to convince Soviet to accept Portugal in to their faction. Too bad, who knows what could have been?
Well, then they will not get any Schnaps
The Comintern grows
The influence of Comintern grew today when Portugal joined the faction. There is no consensus yet of what consequences this will have to the geopolitical stability in the long run.
Who would have guessed?
Soviet Reject Portuguese Request
It has come to our attention that Portugal wants to join the Comintern. However, Soviet denied the request, stating that it would not be a wise move for either part in the current situation.
Maybe it was for the best.

Portuguese Foreign Office in [SPA.GetName]
Rather than confronting [SPA.GetName] over Italian populations on the Dalmatian coast, [From.GetName] has announced the establishment of a permanent diplomatic mission to [YUG.GetName]. According to a statement from the [From.GetAdjective] foreign ministry, the two countries have so much shared history and so many common interests that mutual understanding is far more important than a petty border dispute. \n\nWith tensions rising across Europe, one can only hope more countries take this approach.
Our nations stand together as friends.
There will be peace in Iberia.
It will be interesting to see where this ends.
Australian National Focus

Establish the DRB
The Australian Principle Supply Officer's Committee set up eight sub-committees, who were co-ordinated by the Defence Resources Board.
Civil Constructional Corps
In April 1942, the CCC was established to supply labour forces for the creation of infrastructure such as aerodromes, gun emplacements, barracks, roads and other projects undertaken during World War II in Australia. 77,500 men had served in the CCC by the end of World War II and suffered 218 deaths.
Eastern States Industrial Effort
With the days in Europe growing darker we must take steps to make sure. That our nation has the economy to support an army capable of defending the main land. First we must look to the Eastern States as the first step in building a future for our nation.
Western States Industrial Effort
With the eastern states bolstered, developing industry in the west will help the economy further.
Additional Construction Efforts
Expansion of our infrastructure network has significantly improved our capacity for construction in the Western Region.
Eastern State highways
A country without proper infrastructure cannot pursue advanced projects or constructions.
Building the Indian-Pacific Trainline
Extending our infrastructure further will enable the transports and communications necessary for high-tech clandestine projects.
Fund the CSIR
In 1926 The Science and Industry Research Act replaced the Institute with the 'Council for Scientific and Industrial Research' (CSIR).
Establish Radiophysics Advisory Board
Research into radar or radio location technology in Australia was coordinated by the Radiophysics Advisory Board established within the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR).
Acquire Nuclear Weapons
Australia investigated acquiring tactical nuclear weapons from the United Kingdom or the United States, recommending the acquisition of tactical nuclear weapons to arm Australia's English Electric Canberra bombers and CAC Sabre fighters.
Secret Weapons
In September 1947, Burnet was invited to join the chemical and biological warfare subcommittee of the New Weapons and Equipment Development Committee and subsequently prepared a secret report titled \"Note on War from a Biological Angle\".
Allied Works Council
The Allied Works Council established in February 1942, was set up to oversee and organise military construction works in Australia during World War II. Edward Granville Theodore, was appointed Director-General of the Council.
Expansion of Lithgow Arms Factory
The Lithgow factory cannot keep up with arms requirements. A new annex factory will be erected at Bathurst some 40 miles west of Lithgow. This was followed by the erection of feeder factories in the surrounding towns of Orange, Forbes, Wellington, Mudgee, Cowra, Young, Dubbo, Parkes, Portland and Katoomba
John Lysaght Factories
The John Lysaght factories at Port Kembla and Newcastle produced the weapons and between March 1942 and February 1943 28,000 Owen guns were produced.
Additional Ammunition Factories
Extra Ammunition factories are to be built at Derwent Park(2-inch mortar shells), Tasmania, Welshpool(.303 rifle) and Kalgoorlie(40mm Bofors shells), Western Australia, Adelaide (.303 rifle) and Finsbury(cartridge cases and shell fuses), South Australia.
Defensive Preparations
Every day the world seems to become a darker place. Tensions are reaching a boiling point in both Europe and Asia, and not only is it unwise, but it is simply unsafe to idly sit by. Preparations must be made not only to protect ourselves, but to protect our allies.
Protect the Mainland
We are ultimately an Island nation. Our shores are vast, and we simply don't have enough ships to protect our entire coastline. Coastal fortifications must be added along the coastline of our most vital ports to protect us against naval invasions.
Defend the Islands
Our homeland is safe, but our outlying territories are perhaps even more vulnerable to naval invasion. These islands are vital to us, and fortifications are a must.

2nd AIF Organized
After the Great Depression the Citizens Militia Force had dropped to 35000 on paper, more than half of the volunteers were unable to regularly contribute. Lack of funding and legislation supporting the CMF haven been identified as the two leading causes in the rapid decline in numbers of the CMF. With war in Europe looming we must take steps to fix these problems before it’s too late. 
Conventional Warfare
The Australian Army's pre-war doctrine was focused on conventional warfare in a European environment. This doctrine and the supporting training manuals were common to those of all Commonwealth countries. Following the outbreak of war, the Army continued to focus on preparing its units to fight in Europe and North Africa
Unconventional Warfare
Although the Army's focus was on conventional warfare, in late 1940 Lieutenant Colonel J.C. Mawhood, a British officer, arrived in Australia with a small specialist staff to conduct training in unconventional warfare. A school, known as No. 7 Infantry Training Centre, was opened at Wilsons Promontory, Victoria.
Infantry Equipment
Australia did not possess a stock of modern weapons and equipment at the outbreak of the war. With the British unable to help due to its own mobilisation, we must develop our own assembly lines.
Owen Gun designs
The Owen Machine Carbine, was an Australian submachine gun designed by Evelyn (Evo) Owen in 1939. It was highly reliable and was able to function after being completely submerged in sand and mud, unlike both Sten and Thompson machine guns.
Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery
As war progresses, Australia's geographic isolation and a differing focus on war policies and theatres from Britain, caused Australia increasingly to obtain arms, equipment, and military assistance from the United States.
Scout Cars
With much creative application and innovation was spawned by the lessons learnt from the Great War. The Dingo was based on a commercial Ford 30-cwt fitted with an all-wheel drive kit to give the vehicle 4-wheel drive, a Bren light machine gun and Mk19 wireless.
Armoured Car Designs
At the outbreak of World War II the United Kingdom was unable to meet the needs of the Commonwealth for armoured fighting vehicles. It led many Commonwealth countries to develop their own AFVs. The Rover was designed in 1941, armoured bodies were produced by Ruskin Motor Bodies of Melbourne. The production was stopped in 1943, a total of 238 cars were built.
Night Operations
Night Combat has been around as an idea for centuries, but these ideas came to fruition during world War II. In the Pacific theatre, the Japanese utilised night operations to effectively combat a numerically superior foe. We can learn not only to incorporate these tactics to defeat a superior foe, but to counter any attempted night offensives by our enemies.
M Special Unit
M Special Unit's role was focused upon gathering intelligence on Japanese shipping and troop movements with small teams from the unit were landed behind enemy lines by sea, air or land
Z Special Unit
Australian Z Special Unit was a specialist reconnaissance and sabotage unit with parties inserted by parachute or submarine to provide intelligence and conduct guerrilla warfare.
Tank Efforts
The Sentinel tank was a cruiser tank designed in Australia in World War II in response to the war in Europe and the threat of Japan. It was the first tank to be built with a hull cast as a single piece, and the only tank to be produced in quantity in Australia.
Purchase US Designs
During World War 2, the Australian Army used a variety of tanks, from captured Italian tanks, re-captured French tanks, British tanks and American tanks. Whilst there is strength in diversity, Australia was mostly relying on the spares or spoils of war from other nations. Instead of continuing to rely on foreign-produced tanks, US Tank Designs are to be acquired so they can be constructed on Australian soil by Australian hands.
Obtain German Blueprints
During World War 2, the Australian Army were no strangers to utilising AXIS tanks. During the African campaigns, Australian Cavalry Regiments utilised captured Italian tanks, with Kangaroos painted on them to prevent them from being fired at by the Allies. Through some political efforts, German tank designs can be acquired via espionage operations, to improve the quality of our armoured forces.
Production Agreements
Further formalising the American-Australian cooperation, Production Agreements between the two countries were agreed upon to better establish and streamline the production of American tanks using both Australian and American parts for the Australian Army.
Smuggle in Parts
With all the chaos during World War II, there is little doubt that anyone would notice nor mind Australia smuggling out German equipment to better arm themselves.

Fund the RAAF
In 1939, Australia joined the Empire Air Training Scheme, under which flight crews received basic training in Australia before travelling to Canada for advanced training.
Create The CAC
Essington Lewis convinced our government of aircraft not being available from 'traditional' (i.e. British) sources during wartime and the establishment of a Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation. Negotiations between some of our largest companies have been going well but with government support we can speed up and aid in funding this new industry.
Support Local Designs
Focusing our efforts on local light aircraft designs will help us win air supremacy.
Purchase Foreign Designs
Acquisition of foreign heavy aircraft designs will benefit long distance missions.
Pacific War Efforts
The beginning of the Pacific War—and the rapid advance of Japanese forces—threatened the Australian mainland for the first time in its history. The RAAF was quite unprepared for the emergency, and initially had negligible forces available for service in the Pacific. We must rectify this.
Expand the CAC
We must Expand the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation to keep up with the demands of the ever-increasing war effort.
Found the WRAAF
Considerable lobbying by women keen to serve and the Chief of the Air Staff, wanting to release male personnel for service overseas, prompted the formation of the Women's Royal Australian Air Force.
Jet Engine Developments
Promising early developments into Jet Engine technologies may prove vital in winning the air battle.

Fund the RAN
At the onset of war the Royal Australian Navy was relatively modest, even if it was arguably the most combat-ready of the three services. Unlike the arrangements with the British Admiralty at the start of the First World War, during World War II RAN ships remained under Australian command.
Underdog Tactics
We do not have the industry, nor the manpower, to maintain a navy that is numerically superior or equal to our foes. We will have to fight smarter, rather than fight harder, to effectively combat potential foes.
A British Navy
We are a member of the Commonwealth! We have little to fear if we fight side-by-side with the Royal Navy, and thus we will expand our navy similarly to how they have expanded theirs.
Commerce Focus
Our allies and trading partners are far away, and our own industry is ultimately limited. Focusing on producing escort ships and transports will allow us to effectively protect and expand our vital trade links.
Fleet Hub Constructions
Australian ports are some of the most vital in the East. During World War II, Australian ports such as Fremantle and Brisbane were the linchpins of the Allied war effort in the SEA and Pacific regions. The northernmost port of Darwin, the jumping point for our Northern operations, will be expanded tenfold to sustain our objectives.
Cruiser Force
The first step towards expanding our navy is to improve our cruisers. Cruisers are the intermediate of every navy, being the most versatile ships with balanced speed, range, armour and firepower. 
Revive the RANSS
Submarines have proven their worth as extremely cost-effective warships with the successes of the German U-Boats during World War I. Twice before the Royal Australian Navy Submarine Service has failed due to economic circumstances or simply faulty machinery. The third establishment of the RANSS will secure its future as the core of the RAN.
The Scrap-Iron Flotilla
The Scrap-Iron Flotilla was the name given to the five-ship destroyer flotilla of the RAN by the Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels. In true Australian fashion, we will expand the so-called Scrap-Iron Flotilla to be the mightiest destroyer force on the high seas, and see what any foreign Propaganda Minister has to say about it then!
Arm the Coast
As the world tension reaches its breaking point, it is now of utmost importance to improve the protection of our vital ports to safeguard them from attack by the sea.
Supporting Cockatoo Shipyards
During World War II, Cockatoo Island was the main ship repair facility in the south-west Pacific. Some 250 ships were converted or repaired on the island.
Establish the Fleet Air Arm
Following advances in the quality and importance of Naval Aviation, the Fleet Air Arm was established in 1947, replacing the old Australian Navy Aviation Group. The FAA made up the core force of the new Royal Australian Navy.
Publish the Australian Maritime Doctrine
Utilising superior technology, expertly-trained sailors and a flexible, solid doctrine, the Royal Australian Navy will set itself apart as the best of the best, regardless of numbers.
Together We Rule the Waves
Sailing side-by-side with the Royal Navy, the ships that sail under the Union Jack and under the Commonwealth will maintain their status as the eternal rulers of the waves!

Leave the Commonwealth
Too long have we toiled under the contempt of our British overlords. It is time to take a stand and forge a new destiny for the Australian nation.
Establish Advisory War Council
In 1940 Menzies reluctantly accepted Curtin's proposal for the establishment of an Advisory War Council on which Government and Opposition would have equal representation, and which the Government could inform and consult on all matters to do with the conduct of the war.
Stay the Course
Democracy is the truest and fairest form of running a country in this modern day and age. Leaving the Commonwealth behind would not be foolish, and leave us completely exposed to foreign adversities.

Go Fascist
Strength is the only quality worth pursuing. Others have embraced this truth, so much we.
Nationalist Intervention
 The Nationalists are finally gaining ground in Spain. Their cause is a righteous one and anyone willing to fight for them should be allowed to.
National Militarism
Those who view the military as a necessary evil are doomed to hesitate in the face of war. We will ingrain militarism into our culture to become a people of soldiers.
Demand New Zealand
Now that we have established our independence from the British, they should understand that claim extends to all their lands in this region.
The Anzac Legend
Having established our ideology as based on the truth, it may be taught as truth. Education and media must reflect this lesson.
Claim Indonesia
The Dutch extend their influence well beyond their borders just as the British do, this deserves to be given the same treatment.
Ban Communism
We have attained control over the country, but we are not completely secure. Communism, the arch-enemy of the ultra-nationalist doctrines we follow, will be henceforth banned from being published, politics and the public.
Australia First
To truly set ourselves apart from our former feeble overlords, we must found our own faction, a faction that puts Australian people, Australian interests and Australian ambition first! 
Join the Axis
It is only wise to join the international Fascist community, allying ourselves with the great military powers of West and the East.
Asian Thrust
With European influence at an all-time low in the Indo-Pacific region, the time is nigh to expand our holdings overseas into the greater Eurasian continent, the first steps on our path to greatness!
German Research Pact
The Germans have sent the offer of a research pact between our two great countries. It is time to accept, for there is much that the brightest minds of Germany and Australia have to teach.

Go Communist
Only by uniting our people can we prevail against the foes that threaten to consume us.
Worker's State
We are a country of endless forests, bottomless mines, fertile lands and bustling cities. We are a country of opportunity, with a job for every man, and a man for every job.
Republican Intervention
Republican Spain needs our help! \nAnyone willing to fight for the cause should be allowed to. We cannot allow another fascist regime to gain ground.
Influence Neighbours
Communism focuses on the people. Not the people of one nation, but the people of all nations. Communist sympathies are present in our neighbours, and it is our duty to teach our neighbours the true way forward.
Great Leap Forward
With heavy investments into the industrial sector and scouring for resources, new mining opportunities have been discovered. Large sources of Bauxite in the Weipa region of Queensland, the Coobina chromite mine in the Pilbara, Western Australia, and South Australia's Middleback Ranges contained Arrium aplenty.
Mobalize the Unions
Unions serve as a way for the many workers to stand up to the few elite. Now that the country is run by the people, it is time to integrate the Unions into the government, as a true union of the people!
Socialist Science
For too long, the Sciences have been disregarded, under-funded, ignored by the masses. No more. No more shall the great minds of our time be at the mercy of the elite. Science will be one of the primary objectives of our nation, and they will receive the funding and support they require, for they are the guides to the way forward!
Join the Comintern
Our future lies with Communism, so we must join our Comrades around the world in this global struggle. Papa Joe will show us the way and lead the workers from Australia and everywhere else to a glorious tomorrow.
Boycott Comintern
Stalin has corrupted Communism! The Comintern is not the utopian worker's society the great Marx and Lenin dreamed of, it is a system that exists purely for the systemic oppression of minorities and a system to inflate Stalin's ego! We will never take part in such a warped, degenerate society, and we will show the world what communism truly is!
Anti-Japanese Posturing
Our country is a target of Japanese Ultra-Nationalism, they believe that we are a mere stepping stone on their path to glory. We will let the Japanese know that we are not a mere stone to be trodden on, we are the people, and we will fight back!
Convert New Zealand
The people of New Zealand are tired of their government, that serves the British Crown like a lap-dog. We will no longer allow such abuse to persist. We will issue demands; demands to the United Kingdom to release New Zealand from their imperialist empire, and demands to the New Zealand government for them to serve the people, not have the people serve them.
Enemy of our Enemy
America may one day be our enemy, but on this day, they are the enemy of our enemy. Japanese imperialism must be contained and put down, and America shares this desire to restrain Japan's ambitions.
Coerce Siam
Siam is a bastion of the Indo-Chinese people, surrounded by European colonialism and imperialism. Our propaganda efforts amongst the Siamese people have taken root, but it is time to take action, to let the people lead the people and let Siam embrace communism.

Strengthen the White Australia Policy
Ensuring only the proper citizens are allowed in, the country can progress to a stronger society more in line with our Mother Country.
Loyalty to the British

Focus on the Home Front
Despite, or maybe because of, their vivid memories of the horrors of the First World War, many Australians continued their day to day lives with little or no change during the early years of World War II. They battled with rising prices and unemployment but unless they had relatives serving overseas, they had not yet sensed any real danger.
Take Action Overseas
If we value freedom, we need to safeguard it not only for us, but for nations everywhere. If this means war, so be it!
The Japanese Threat
In February 1942, many Australians thought that the Japanese would invade Australia. Anticipating enemy air attack, blackout restrictions were introduced, and air raid warning instructions issued. Barbed wire was also strung across many east coast beaches.
Recruitment Propaganda
Freedom cannot be enforced by the unwilling, or it would become a travesty. Those who take arms for liberty by choice must be given the means to do so, however.
Foreign Expeditions
With our enemies prepared to intervene in distant conflicts on behalf of their ideals, we must be ready to do the same for ours.
All In
To face the coming threat, all Australians, men, women and children, are urged to put their backs into the war effort. Indeed, the adult population was mobilised for war.
British Technologies
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.

Weaken the White Australia Policy
Weakening the restrictions on immigration to Australia will help everyone feel more at home here.
Make the Island States
Giving New Guinea, New Britain and The Solomon Islands state status will strengthen their bond to our country.
Defend our Brethren
The new promises we've made to the public won't stand if we aren't prepared to defend our brethren overseas.
Invite New Zealand
Seeing how well Australia is developing, finally reconciling with New Zealand will be welcomed openly by our neighbours.
Social Security Act
The Social Security Act of 1935 guaranteed grants to states for old-age assistance, federal old-age benefits, grants to states for unemployment compensation, for aid to dependent children, and many other improvements for the Australian people. Australia will set itself apart from the world as a place where all have the right to live as they please, to live in luxury and to live in peace.
Island Resource Efforts
Our new States can contribute to Australia's industry efforts with new access to resources.
Island State Naval Effort
Our new States can contribute to Australia's naval efforts.
Form Australasian Confederation
Our newfound coalition is growing in power and deserves to be recognised on the world stage as it deserves.
Unite the ACDF
The Australasian Confederation Defence Force combines the tactical might of all lands under our control.
Research Institutes
Research development from the island states has turned up surprising efforts in all manner of areas.
Developed Offshore CAC
We are now able to establish a of the Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation in our offshore lands.

Additional Militia Training
Much of our militia is unfit for service - either sick or underequipped. We are taking steps to remedy this oversight in a dangerous world.
Royal Australian Artillery
Artillery is the queen of the battlefield, and we must expand our access to heavy guns.
Promote Reservists
Though we need a home defence force, promoting militia and reserves into the regular army will give us a needed boost in available soldiers and experience.
Daimler Dingo
This British-made armoured car will improve our mobility on the battlefield. And, after all, it is named for our national canine.
HMAS Assault
War in the Pacific will be an amphibious war, so the construction of a naval base specialized in training marines how to take a beach is imperative for the war effort.
Specialize Equipment
Not all of the British-made equipment we use is effective for our unique combat situation. Special and custom tools have become necessary.
Australian Women's Army Service
Every man is needed at the front, so driving, signal and maintenance jobs will be handled by thousands of Australia’s women.
Australian Army Catering Corps
The Australian army is being poorly served by the quality of its food, largely because of the quality of its cooks. By reorganizing this process, we can boost morale and effectiveness.
Fund Owen Gun Research
Evelyn Owen has developed a new submachine gun that can withstand the harsh pressures of jungle warfare. We should put government resources into production and improvement of this weapon.
Sentinel Tank Project
Australia should develop its own homemade armoured vehicle. Based on German and American ideas, the Sentinel program should be advanced.
British Infantry Tanks
Australia should adopt infantry tank designs from Britain for domestic production and development.
British Cruiser Tanks
Australia should adopt cruiser tank designs from Britain for domestric production and development.
Allows the research and production of the Valentine infantry tank and its successors\n\n
Allows the research and production of light cruiser tanks up to the Mk.VI\n\n
Allows the research and production of the Australian Cruiser (AC) series of tanks\n\n
Airborne Defence
We must protect the skies over Australia by investing in air defence, including interceptors and anti-air.
Introduce Unconventional Warfare
The jungles of the Pacific will require a new kind of warfare. We must learn to move quickly and quietly through the dense cover - ambush our enemies and expect the same from them.
Z Special Unit
Z Special Unit will be our commando team, specializing in reconnaissance and sabotage behind enemy lines. This will require brave men willing to undergo the most serious training.
M Special Unit
M Special Unit will be our advance scouting and reconnaissance arm in the war, sending back up to the moment intelligence about enemy dispositions and placements.
Expand the RAAF
Our air force needs to grow, so we are investing in more bases, more training and more production.
CAC Boomerang
The Boomerang will be Australia’s contribution to fighter design and an insurance policy against the loss of imported aircraft. We need to compete with Japanese and American planes.
Expand Northern Presence
With our cities mostly on the east and west coasts of the island, Australia’s northern frontier lacks the proper defence or preparation in case of invasion or attack. New military structures in that area will be welcome.
CAC Woomera
Australia will develop its own bomber arm. The Woomera is only a light craft, but will be adequate for protecting our homeland and light combat air support.
Volunteer Air Observers Corps
Keep your eyes on the skies! We call on Australians to learn the silhouettes of common aircraft and notify the government of any suspicious or enemy planes that near the Dominion.
Naval Bombers
We are surrounded by water, so we should consider planes and training that will allow us to intercept and attack enemy fleets. Naval bombing is a specialized skill and should be a focus.
Death from Down Under
No bombers will damage our ports and cities once we have upgraded our air defence system, through better understanding of air power and the brute force of anti-air weapons.
Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force
A full half of our population is better used in the war effort than sitting at home. Aircraft maintenance, the signal corps and other related tasks will be turned over to women.
Dominate the Skies
Australia is far from many enemy air bases, so it should be our goal to have total air superiority in our corner of the globe.
Cockatoo Island Shipyards
The expansion and improvement of the Cockatoo Island Shipyards is a major priority for our government. Sydney Harbour has the best access to manpower and resources and that is where we should focus our naval construction efforts.
Protect Overseas Commerce
An island nation relies on the supplies it can bring in from others across the waves. Defending the convoy lines and trade routes is not simply a strategy - it is a necessity.
Fly the Jolly Roger
From our island stronghold we can send forth packs of submarines to harass and destroy the enemy trade and supply that passes by our shores.
Scrap Iron Flotilla
Until we can upgrade our fleet, we will make do with the aging vessels we have. Our enemy may refer to our older destroyers as a Scrap Iron Flotilla, but it will do us proud.
Royal Australian Submarine Service
Submarines are the sea weapon of the future, and a crucial component of our allies’ forces. We must embrace this way of war.
Naval Auxiliary Patrol
The many harbours of our great land are inviting targets for stealthy submarine attacks. An auxiliary force of coastal patrol ships will alert us to any danger.
Cruisers
We can leave the battleships and carriers to the big dogs, since a mass of cruiser-sized ships will more than meet our needs.
Pacific Area Navy
Though His Majesty fights for survival in Europe, our immediate priority should be a navy that can fight our enemies here in the Pacific. We must develop strategies that are in line with that objective.
Standard Gauge Railway
For decades, Australia has had competing railway gauges, making a mess of our transportation and shipping needs. The time has come to finally standardize railway gauges around the country.
Industries Assistance Corporation
The recent global economic dislocation has discouraged investment and entrepreneurship in Australia. The Industries Assistance Corporation will advise and finance small business around the country to get the economy moving again.
Western Australian Government Railways
The state-owned railways in Western Australia should be given a greater priority than road construction at this point. Geography favours the train in the West - we should take advantage of that.
South Australian Housing Trust
South Australia needs more industry and investment, so it will dedicate resources to a series of planned communities and housing improvements, especially around Adelaide.
Department of Supply and Development
In wartime, we need a special department to handle logistical and supply matters - ammunition, fuel supplies and everything necessary to keep an army on the move.
Expand Lithgow Small Arms Factory
Our Vickers and Brens come from the Lithgow Small Arms Factory. As it grows, we will find it easier to increase our fighting capacity.
Allied Works Council
All military construction in Australia will be overseen by the Allied Works Council. This centralized planning will make sure that the government gets the type of productivity it needs.
Expand the Northern Railway
We have a railway that stretches from Adelaide in the south to Alice Springs in the north. Now we must extend that northern point to other cities in the area, connecting all of Australia.
Australian Arms Production
The long convoy times mean that Australia must take a greater responsibility for producing its own guns than other Dominions. We have the factories, and we have the know-how.
Uranium Mining
Over the last decades, we have found large uranium deposits in South Australia, especially around Mt Gee. Uranium is now a vital military resource and exploitation of these reserves should be increased.
Establish Advisory War Council
Australia’s politicians must put aside ideological and partisan disagreements and come together to consult and advise on the conduct of the war.
National Security Act
Now that we are at war, the Federal government will assume greater powers to protect Australia. Greater press censorship, suppression of dissident groups and greater ability to tax and seize property for the defence of the Dominion.
Volunteer Defence Corps
A Volunteer Defence Corps has been assembled from older veterans and other citizens not in the regular army. They will serve as a home guard to free up the army to take direct action against its enemies.
Civil Construction Corps
We will conscript able-bodied men to serve in a Civil Construction Corps to help in the building of airfields, transportation, forts, and other important military infrastructure.
£tech_mod Army Inventions Directorate
Wars spur innovation and creativity and the government needs a way to sort the good ideas from the bad. A new specialized patent office would be dedicated to determining which of the many submissions to the government have any value.
Invest in Victory
By selling war bonds to our population, they can contribute their savings to the war effort.
Citizen Military Forces
It is now time to prepare a reserve army to increase our readiness in case of war. We will draft available militiamen into the army for home defence, and then prepare them for service overseas if needed.
Rats of Tobruk
Our brave soldiers have proven themselves adept at desert warfare and scavenging from the battlefield. They harass the enemy, striking from their bases and then retreating before the counterattack.
Gain elite unit in Tobruk
Gain elite unit in Sydney
Fight Work or Perish
With our enemy posing an existential threat to the Dominion, Australians must make a choice. They will fight, they will work, or they will perish.
£tech_mod Research Collaboration
The British showed us the advantage of sharing scientific progress between close allies. Our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently if we take the steps necessary to coordinate this.
£tech_mod Fund Australian Defence Research
Now that Australia is fully a sovereign nation we are no longer receiving access to advanced prototypes and blueprints like we previously did. We must ensure that we always stay ahead of our enemies, and do not fall behind in technology.
Squash the Squander Bugs
Wasteful spending on inflation-affected consumer goods is taking money away from war bonds and the war effort. We need to discourage this appetite for luxury while our army is in need.
Rationing and Recycling
Every resource matters. We will ration food for our citizens, recycle to get as much metal as we can from worn-out goods and promote economies throughout the country.
Classify Aliens
Australia is a nation of immigrants, and as such, may have taken in some with loyalties to their homeland. We will register and track foreign-born Australians.
Strengthen Ties With UK
Our loyalties lie with the Mother Country. We will go where she follows and commit to fighting her enemies. God Save the King.
Support the Policy of Appeasement
The costs of the last war still weigh heavily on the national memory. If making territorial concessions half a world away can keep Australia out of war, then we should certainly consider these concessions.
The Singapore Strategy
Singapore is too far from London to be secure. Australia will take it upon itself to protect this outpost of empire from aggression from others.
Adopt Westminster
We embrace the Westminster system that we have inherited from the United Kingdom.
CSIR
The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation is our government research arm to improve the efficiency of science and production in Australia. By increasing our support for it, we will give further energy to the sinews of war.
SWPA Protector
Australia must assume the primary position as the protector of the South West Pacific Area. The entire sea zone from Indochina through Indonesia to New Guinea should be under our aegis.
Empire Air Training Scheme
It is time for Australia to commit to a proper air training program. With the encouragement and support of the United Kingdom, all of the Dominions will work together to contribute pilots and support crew for the war effort.
Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation
The Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation is the primary producer of aircraft and aircraft engines in Australia. It has a proven track record, and support for it will give our pilots the materials they require.
Sever Ties With UK
The time has come to break from the United Kingdom. Australia can direct her own course without interference from London and stake a claim to its own destiny in its own region.
Protect the Homeland
Australia is large, but its coasts can be protected. Keeping our own nation safe is the highest priority.
The SWPA Menace
Japan is building an empire that threatens the safety of Australia and freedom in the region. We should turn to like-minded nations to be our allies.
Never Another Gallipoli
The only way to ensure that Australia is not drawn into further costly wars through sentiment is to take complete control of our foreign policy. We need no distant King and cannot afford ancient blood ties pulling us into conflicts that do not serve our interests.
Woo USA
Our true ally is America, another Pacific power with British roots. This rich and powerful land is better able to understand our needs, increase our prosperity and protect us from aggression.
Protect the Dutch Colonies
The Netherlands is a weak and distant master of her Indonesian colonies. It cannot defend them against attacks from Japan, China, or any other potentially hostile nation. We must assume control for the greater good.
The South West Pacific Initiative
We have established the power base and credibility to create our own network of alliances, centred on defending the South West Pacific Area from hostile powers. We will seek out like-minded powers and make Australia a major voice in global affairs.
Pre-emptive Intervention
Japan’s empire building over the last decade poses a threat to every free people in the Pacific. We cannot afford to wait until it turns its hungry eyes in our direction. The time for action is now.
Research Cooperation
Australians are an intelligent and resourceful people, but we haven't the infrastructure or population for a serious scientific program. We will work with our allies, sharing knowledge and breakthroughs for mutual benefit.
Abandon the Westminster System
Though the Westminster Parliament is our inheritance from Great Britain, it has outlived its usefulness in the modern era. Cabinet disagreements and party rivalries have done little to help stabilize Australia through the recent economic crisis.
Support the Centre Party
In New South Wales, a vigorous anti-Communist movement has arisen. Assisted by its New Guard allies, the Centre Party might hold the key to strengthening Australia.
Supply Indonesian Nationalists
We should support the people of Indonesia in their fight against their Dutch oppressors. They will need education and training, but with their numerical superiority, victory in this fight for justice is inevitable, as will be their gratitude to us.
Support Indonesian Uprising
Now that the Indonesians have taken up arms against the Dutch, they will need more than words. The uprising needs guns and other equipment, as well as full-throated diplomatic support.
Demand New Zealand
The Kiwis have long been our closest allies and friends. We have fought on the same beaches and died in the same useless Imperial wars. It is time to unite our two countries under one flag.
Protect the South West Pacific
It is time to use our regional might to bring all of the South West Pacific into our sphere of influence. Only we can protect the people and resources from outsiders who wish to pillage our heritage.
A Deal with Japan
With the South West Pacific in our orbit, we can reach a rapprochement with the Empire of Japan. If it stays in the North West and leaves our sphere to us, then there will be no reason for us to fight.
Our Own Empire
The time has come for the former colony to stand on its own and proclaim an Australian empire. Our benevolence and farsighted planning will be for the good of all in the area.
Japan Tech Sharing
Japanese scientists have been able to outpace our own research institutes, but our new harmony with the Empire of the Rising Sun opens up new opportunities for learning and sharing.
War on Japan
Japan’s aggression has gone on too long. It has raped and pillaged its way through East Asia and now it has its eyes on the lands and resources further south. We cannot stand aside.
Empower the Workers
A nation of convicts, ranchers and dockworkers. That is Australia. It is time to give voice and power to the workers and proletariat of Australia. Long live the Revolution.
Delegation to China
Long torn apart by Imperial greed, the Chinese people need a friend. And we need a regional ally against Fascism. This official meeting with the Chinese government will bring us closer together.
Commitment to the Cause
The time has come to cast off the shackles of a foreign king and build a Worker’s Paradise free of the Imperialist warmongering that risks all of Australia.
Indirect Support
The People’s Republic of China is at war, but we are in no position to expose ourselves. A small shipment of arms and cautious encouragement is all we can risk now.
Direct Support
To arms, Comrades! Hear the call of our Chinese brothers suffering in the war against Fascism! Sign up and join the global struggle of all workers!
Workers’ Paradise
The Stalinist Communist experiment is a failure, but we believe that Socialism is the right path. Australia will strike out on a second path for the workers to follow, free from direction from Moscow.
Research City Excursions
The Soviet Union has built research cities and laboratories throughout its territory and it has invited Australian researchers to come and learn about the glories of Communist science.
NZ Puppet
The workers of New Zealand should join with their Australian brothers and sisters. We can protect them, and have offered the gentle hand of friendship, so long as they submit to our direction.
The Threat Against the People
The militarist and Fascist power of Imperial Japan is a threat to the well-being of all Australians, and blocks the peaceful coexistence of the workers of the world. Australia will push back this enemy of the people, forcing them to stay on their dismal, rocky islands.
A new §Y3 Skill§! General named §YIven Mackay§! will appear.
Fortify the Homeland with §Ycoastal forts and land forts§! guarding likely landing sites and ports.
We will enter a §Ytech sharing agreement§! with the US or with other members of our faction.
We will propose to transfer ownership of §YMalaya§! to Japan in return for an alliance. Should this not be possible, we will propose to cede the states of §YKalimantan§!, §YSulawesi§! and §YThe Moluccas§! to Japan instead.\n

Rowell-Sirois Commission
The Rowell-Sirois Commission has determined that Canada’s federal constitutional arrangement hinders recovery from the Great Depression. We should equalize the standards of service nationwide.
Crown Corporations
To provide essential services and stimulate economic and industrial growth, Canada must create many new Crown Corporations. Where private enterprise will not step in, the government must.
War Bonds
We cannot finance the war effort based on our meagre tax base or resource exports. The patriotic Canadian people must invest in their country and support the war effort through War Bonds.
Defence of Canada Regulations
In times of war, civil rights need to be curtailed to prevent subversion of the war effort. This means restrictions on the press, dissident groups and some legal rights.
National Housing Act
A modernizing Dominion needs to have standardized regulations on housing across the nation. We must improve the living conditions of all Canadians.
Dollar-A-Year Men
Canadian industry has efficiency issues, but a number of wealthy businessmen have offered their service and advice in return for a token sum. This small coterie of counsellors will move us forward.
Canadian Pacific Railway
The CPR has made all of its resources available to the war effort. Thousands of tonnes of supplies and material will cross our grand Dominion, from sea to sea, without interruption.
Maritime Colonial Railway
Our Eastern provinces have been underserved by rail lines since the sale of the Intercolonial Railway to the Canadian National Railway. We are encouraging and undertaking a new Maritime Colonial Railway to expand connections between the central provinces and the Atlantic provinces.
Retool Angus Shops
A modern army needs armour, and the CPR’s Angus Shops are suitable for its construction. Retool and refit this infrastructure to build tanks.
Imperial Oil
Imperial Oil wants to finance exploration in Western Canada. This will increase our reserves of petroleum and lubricate the war machine.
Department of Munitions and Supply
We will bring the control and management of Canada’s national resources under C.D. Howe in the Department of Munitions and Supply.
National Resources Mobilization Act
Canada is large with its population scattered in pockets across the land. A system should be developed to track employment status, and make sure that anyone eligible for service overseas can be located.
Wartime Prices and Trade Board
To prevent profiteering and hoarding, price controls have been introduced to make goods available to most Canadians.
Bits and Pieces Program
The Bits and Pieces Program will mobilize for the war effort a number of small factories that have been dedicated to minor consumer goods. A bicycle factory can find capacity for a number of useful war goods.
£tech_mod Fund the National Research Council
Canada has a history of science and advancement, but the need for researchers is greater than ever. It is time to throw more weight behind the NRC.
Mine the Shield
The Canadian Shield is rich with nickel, copper, gold and silver. We are given nature’s bounty in minerals. It is time to exploit it further.
Canada Wheat Board
The devastation of our western farmers in the Depression can be addressed if we revive and reinvigorate the Canada Wheat Board to set prices for sale of wheat, barley, oats and other crops.
Victory Aircraft Limited
Victory Aircraft has been tasked with building Canada’s bomber fleet. Lancaster’s for everyone!
Alberta Coal Towns
There are coal deposits all along the Rockies ready to be exploited. We can promote emigration to these new mine locations and improve employment in the west.
Commit to the War
The world is burning, and Canada has a role to play. We vow to protect democracy and the British way of life.
John Inglis and Company
John Inglis and Company should be directed to build new machine guns and cannon for the Canadian army.
Polymer Corporation
The new crown corporation Polymer Corporation has proven to be exceptionally efficient in the production of new rubber polymers.
National Steel Car
Though it has struggled through the Depression, the National Steel Car company has the expertise and experience to help build the vehicles we will need for the expanded railway and army.
Send in the Zombies
The time has come to put all of Canada’s eligible men to work in the army. We’ve mobilized a lot of men to work in the industry through the NRMA, but now they should be sent overseas.
If Day
Canadians are not taking the threat of foreign domination seriously, so we will simulate a Nazi occupation of Winnipeg to drive the fear home. This will certainly increase sales of Victory Bonds.
£tech_mod Defence Research Grants
Now that Canada is fully a sovereign nation we are no longer receiving access to military advisors and theorists like we previously did. We must ensure that we always stay ahead of our enemies, and do not fall behind in technology.
Uranium Mining
Our allies are working on a secret project that will require uranium. Fortunately, the Eldorado company has discovered the rare mineral and built a town around the mines - Port Radium. The government must seize control of this company and protect this highly sensitive mineral.
Long Branch Arsenal
The Long Branch Arsenal in Western Toronto will be our centre for rifle production. We need thousands of Lee-Enfields, and the Arsenal’s central location will aid in distribution throughout the country.
Independent Command
In the Great War, Canadian troops were ultimately answerable to British officers, leading to senseless slaughter at the Somme and Passchendaele. This time, Canada will command its own.
Forced Quebec Conscription
Just like in 1917, our French-Canadian citizens in Quebec are resisting the idea of a national draft to bring more men into the army. We will not stand by and let one minority defy the will of Parliament.
Compromise with Quebec
Quebec is balking at national conscription. This issue almost tore the country apart in the Great War, and we cannot afford to disrupt our national unity in a time of crisis. Maybe we can make a deal regarding war service for residents of Quebec.
War Fuelled Economy
The overseas demand for raw materials and finished goods is lifting Canada out of the Depression. Our natural wealth in forests and minerals can feed the allied war machine and enrich the nation.
Army Modernization
Too long secure in our fireproof house, far from inflammable materials, Canada has let its army make do with antiquated equipment and training. We must move on modernization before it is too late.
Canadian Infantry Corps
We now have enough men to establish a corps level formation. The Canadian Infantry Corps is our first corps size group since the last war.
CMP Truck
Canadian factories are safe from enemy bombing and so can be directed to make transportation for the war effort. Our CMP Truck design is versatile, suited to many climates.
Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery
Despite a lack of up-to-date cannon, we must start training our artillery men to fight a modern war, including how to use anti-air guns and new 25 pounders.
A Motorized Army
Canada’s experience in manufacturing trucks and engines has given us an edge in the research and development of motorized armed forces.
Red Deer Training Camp
The Red Deer Training Camp will be the main location for the training of our new army. With a full armoury and nearby airfields, Red Deer is ideally situated.
The Walkie-Talkie
Donald Hings has invented and is patenting a new handheld two-way communication device that works on radio waves. This will greatly improve communication and targeting.
1st Canadian Parachute Battalion
Despite resistance from those that would prefer we focus on home defence, modern airborne warfare needs a dedicated parachute battalion to get the drop on our enemies.
The Black Devils
A special commando unit will need to be available for dangerous assignments. Cooperation with our American Allies in the creation of The Devil’s Brigade has been arranged.
The Valentine Tank
Canada should work to begin production of the Valentine tank, a durable infantry tank of British design.
The Cruiser Tanks
Canada should look into production of the highly mobile British cruiser tanks.
Heavy Cruiser Tanks
To keep pace with the rapid development of tanks, we need to follow the British example and produce heavier and more capable cruiser tanks.
The American Mediums
The United States has seen rapid development of its medium tank designs - our shared border makes transferring the technology to produce our own versions of these straightforward.
Allows the research and production of the Valentine tank and its successors\n\n
Allows the research and production of light cruiser tanks up to the Mk.VI\n\n
Allows the research and production of heavier cruiser tanks\n\n
Allows the research and production of the Ram and Grizzly tanks\n\n
The Rocky Mountain Rangers
Home defence in the west will fall to the Rocky Mountain Rangers, based in Kamloops.
Strengthen the Commonwealth Ties
Our fellow Dominions are our truest friends, and we should all march together in support of His Majesty.
Shadow Factories
We need aircraft factories, but it is easier and safer to have the parts manufacture dispersed around other factories, especially near automobile works. This will encourage secrecy and safety.
Montreal Laboratory Collaboration
The Montreal Laboratory has become an attraction for scientists all around the world. French and British scientists have felt especially welcome and are bringing greatly needed expertise to the Dominions’ efforts.
The Plan
We have joined with our allies to share experience and insight in the training of pilots. The war could be won from the air, so the Commonwealth Air Training Plan could be the key to victory.
Supply the Empire
Is there any nation as rich in wood, iron, nickel, and coal? So long as our convoys and railways are safe, we can ship raw materials to our ports and then to our Imperial partners.
Aluminium Company of Canada
Aluminium is lightweight and rustproof. By expanding our mining and production of aluminium, we can ensure that our factories and assembly lines will always be fed.
Turner Valley Oilfield
Discovered in 1914, the Turner Valley outside Calgary has become one of the largest oil fields in the Empire. Further development should be a top priority for the industry and the government.
Patriation
The time has come for Canada to reduce its ties to Mother England. We are a grown nation, with a destiny of our own, looking to the continent and across the Pacific as much as to England and Europe.
Permanent Joint Defence Board
Geography and common heritage ties us to the United States, but the continent is too large for one of us to defend alone. A joint defence board is required for consultation and planning on the protection of North America.
North American Alliance
The time has come to announce a great and permanent partnership with the United States of America. None can challenge us when we are united in peace and brotherhood.
Habakkuk Carrier
Project Habakkuk is our plan to build an anti-submarine carrier from a material made of wood pulp and ice. This will free up steel for more important uses, and further Canadian science.
Refuge for Scientists
Far from the tumult of war, Canada has proven to be a promising landing place for scientists that wish to carry out their work free from bombs and bullets.
Support the Blue Shirts
Our nation’s turn to fascism will require a strong paramilitary arm to intimidate and impress our rivals. The Blue Shirts will be our answer to any who defy our new order.
Join Germany
Hitler has proven to be a reasonable man who is making reasonable demands while making his nation strong. We will join the Reich in solidarity for a new Golden Age.
Support a Synarchist Baja
To further the spread of conservative nationalism in North America, we should throw our weight behind a Synarchist revolt in Mexico. Once it is successful, we will have two Fascist states ready to spread the words across the hemisphere.
Pinion the Eagle
Our long border with the United States has been undefended for too long. America remains the greatest threat to Canadian security, so action will be taken to make it too difficult and troublesome for the USA to invade.
Skewer the Eagle
We will form an alliance with our Mexican brothers to surround and contain the American threat.
Defence Scheme No 1.
It is time to dust off Defence Scheme No 1, our interwar plan for a counterattack on the United States in case of war.
Demand Labrador and Newfoundland
Newfoundland is a failed Dominion that had to return to colonial status. Its proper place is with Canada.
Burn the Royal Portraits
No more monarchs! No more shall we submit to the rule of a foreign figurehead and a foreign parliament. Canada will be free and equal. The People will rise.
Communist Labour Total War Committee
Canadian Communists are also patriots! In the global war against Fascism, we can work with the bourgeois liberals to mobilize the entire nation for war.
Defence Scheme No. 2
Defence Scheme No. 2 is our contingency plan in case of a war in the Pacific between the United States and the Empire of Japan. Ideally, we will stay neutral in the case of war, but no matter the circumstances, strong defence on our west coast will be established.
Supply the Red Army
As the Soviet Union is at war against the enemies of the people, Canada should undertake to assist Moscow with arms and supplies.
Canada United
Even though our population is spread in a thin line across the continent, we have come together in this world crisis to stand up for Canadian values and to protect the weak.
Join Comintern
The Soviet Union has proven its good faith and strength. Canada should join the Soviet alliance.
Support the World Revolution
Do you hear the people sing? It’s the Internationale! Canada will endeavour to liberate the proletariat from their shackles.
RCAF Station Borden
Canada’s air corps was born in Borden, Ontario, and that base should be used to train a new generation of pilots.
We Have the Hurricane
The United Kingdom has given us permission to build a line of Hurricane fighters. These planes will be the core of our air wing.
The Pacific Coast Air Defence Radar System
The coast of British Columbia is rocky and sparsely populated, except in the south. We will have to rely on early warning systems like a chain of radar stations to detect anything unusual coming over the Pacific.
Commonwealth Joint Air Training
Air combat training will be coordinated with our Commonwealth and Dominion allies. This is more efficient, and can be done en masse and safely at our airfields.
Fund Fairchild’s Development
The Fairchild aircraft factory in Quebec should be given the resources it needs to increase bomber part production. We should be able to increase employment in the plant by thousands.
Cookie Carriers
The strategic air war requires heavy bombers to drop tasty treats on our enemies.
The Sabre Project
Jet aircraft will dominate the skies of the future, so we should invest in the production of our own variants of foreign jet planes.
Halifax Shipyards
Conveniently located opposite Europe, the Halifax docks have been building new ships at a record pace. The Battle of the Atlantic can be won.
Destroyer Effort
The threat of submarine attacks on supply and troop convoys requires us to focus on the construction of destroyers to hunt and kill these underwater dangers.
Light Cruiser Effort
We will never be able to build many capital ships, but smaller cruisers, constructed en-masse, can still pack a punch.
Heavy Cruiser Effort
We can build our fleets around heavy cruisers, and have more than enough ports to make this a viable strategy.
Escort Fleet
Oceans separate us from most of the world’s tumults, so if our armies are to fight and be supplied, we need to prioritize escort formations and anti-submarine warfare.
Fleet In Being
By building a large naval force, its mere existence can be a threat to our enemies even if we never deploy it. The very thought of our ships sailing forth and striking at their sea lanes forces them to be cautious.
Degauss Ship Hulls
We will start to degauss our ship hulls, reducing their magnetic signature. This protects them from magnetic mines and reduces the ships’ electronic profile.
Trade Fleet
Canada is a trading nation. Build more freighters and convoys.
United Shipyards
The Montreal dock of United Shipyards has become the primary source for our landing craft and cargo vessels.
Build §YInfrastructure§! and add §YBuilding Slots§! in occupied states located in southern and mid parts of Africa.\n
King Edward has been exiled
War Measures Act
We cannot allow any disruption to the war effort, so we are passing new legislation to enforce total compliance with government aims. This will protect the flow of resources and allow us to focus political energy where it is needed.
Emergency Workers
It is time to mobilize more of the South African population for the war effort. Women can be brought into the factories at lower cost, as well.
CSIR
South Africa lags behind other Dominions in science and technology, so establishing the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research in Pretoria has become a pressing matter for the government.
Cape Garrison Artillery
The Cape remains an important sea route for many nations, and is the gateway to the South African heartland. Expansion of the garrison’s coastal defences and artillery should be at the top of our to-do list.
Reconstitute the Cape Corps
Historically, we have been able to press some of our Coloured population into service to defend South Africa. This is not popular with everyone in the country, but it will free white South Africans to serve overseas.
Expand the Cape Corps
Thought we reconstituted the Cape Corps as a mostly non-combatant force, the threat of invasion means we must give the Corps greater resources, training and access to weapons.
Work for All Poor
Poor rural Afrikaners have flooded into the cities seeking work for the last few years, and we’ve done little to help them. Until now. Industrialization and government protection of their access to work will help this population.
Outlaw Strikes
Work stoppages and labour disruption is unpatriotic in times of crisis. Strikes are hereby declared illegal, and the government will force people back to work.
Support the Policy of Appeasement
Germany has legitimate grievances and the Dominions suffered greatly in the last war. We should take advantage of every opportunity for peace in our time.
Police Windhoek
We have had a mandate over the former German colony of South-West Africa since the last war ended. It is vital that we live up to our duty to secure and improve the major city of Windhoek.
Joint Air Training Scheme
The Commonwealth nations are pooling their resources and experience to facilitate and accelerate the training of pilots and air crew.
Desert Equipment
The war in North Africa requires specialized equipment and as our forces could be called to serve on that front, the provision and supply of that equipment will become an important logistical matter.
Suppress the Stormjaers
The Fascist pro-German Ossewabrandwag (OB) has a paramilitary wing modelled on similar European groups. They are disrupting government efforts to recruit troops and pursue a secure and united war policy. The Stormjaers must be broken up.
Secure Interests in Africa
The Union of South Africa neighbours a number of British colonies that could be left to our administration. We should also do what we can to permanently secure our Mandate over South-West Africa.
Native Laws Amendment Act
To further guarantee work for the Afrikaner population, we must limit the settlement of Black South Africans within the cities. Only those with a long history in the municipality will have residency rights.
Encourage Segregation
We should push harder to legally separate our different ethnic populations to promote the power and unity of our ruling class.
Abandon Westminster
The replacement of the Cape route by the Suez, as well as the formative experience of the Boer War have helped create a South African identity distinct from that of our Dominion allies. We should distance ourselves from the King, and forge our own path.
Support the Afrikaner Broederbond
The Afrikaner Broederbond has been agitating for a greater voice for the Afrikaner people and stronger separation of the races. The memory of British policy in the Boer War is still strong, and the Broederbond can help create a new South Africa.
Support Ossewabrandwag
The Fascist Ossewabrandwag paramilitary should be used as a bulwark against foreign agitation and domestic uprisings that target our ruling class.
Celebrate the Great Trek
A century ago, our Afrikaner ancestors separated from the rising British colonial power and built their own Boer nation in the northeast. Their hardy spirit still represents the best of South African virtue.
Voortrekker Monument
A monument to the Voortrekkers who undertook the Great Trek will strengthen national spirit and unity in these troubling times.
Support Nazification of South-West Africa
As a former German colony, it is only appropriate that we encourage the growth of German political ideas in South-West Africa.
South Africa First
South Africa is the strongest independent nation on the continent, and therefore can be a lodestone for the future of Africa and former colonies.
Support the German Coup
The German government has long seen South Africa as fertile ground for greater influence, dating back to the last century. Our future lies with the Reich, not the Empire, so let’s move forward with the plan to overthrow the current government.
Reclaim Boer Colonies
The former Boer territory of Transvaal and other regions rightfully belong to the free heirs of that enterprising people.
Commemorate the Battle of Blood River
In 1838, a wagon laager of Boer settlers held off tens of thousands of Zulu warriors, dealing a crippling blow to Zulu power in the Natal. This was surely a divine sign of the rightness of our cause.
German Scientists
German scientists are among the best in the world and have much to share with us.
Support Axis Interests
The Axis powers have an energy and ideology that can help South Africa establish its place in the world. We should give them our full diplomatic support.
A King for Our People
South Africa should have a king, and fortunately there is a Windsor that no one is using right now. The former Edward VIII, Duke of Windsor, can sit on our throne.
Empower the Workers
We are a country of miners and farmers. The working people of South Africa are the only true representation of the national will.
Support Spain
Fascism is on the rise in Europe, and we can stop it in Spain - or at least slow its spread. Men and material should be sent to support the Republican cause.
Repeal the Native Representation Act
Racial discrimination is contrary to the values of popular revolution in South Africa. Blacks should be restored to the general voting rolls and given political rights.
Burn the King’s Portraits
Down with the Royal Family! This symbolic gesture will publicly declare our breach from the foreign throne.
Join Comintern
The Soviet Union has been in the forefront of the crusade for the workers and against Fascism. We shall join their mighty alliance.
Support the World Revolution
The only way for the workers to triumph is to unite the entire globe in a single effort. The Revolution must be universal and, therefore, it must be exported.
Equal Opportunity Employment
If we are to improve the lot of workers in our nation, we must start with ensuring that all workers are treated equal, regardless of their color of skin.
Demand Madagascar
With the dramatic changes of the situation in Europe, it is time to re-evaluate the whole system of colonialism. Why should Madagascar be shackled to a falling empire?
Invite Soviet Advisors
If we are to support the Soviet Union in their struggle to bring freedom to the workers of the world, we need to improve our military by learning from them.
Research Treaty with USSR
After learning many valuable lessons from our Soviet friends, it is time to deepen the relationship and sign a formal treaty.
Anti-Colonialist Crusade
Colonialism sits at the heart of the imperialist system that oppresses the workers of the world. We are in the unique position to smash that system and free the African people from the centuries of exploitation they had to endure.
Union of the African People
For the longest time, African people had no say in determining their own destiny. Those days are over. We will create a faction strong enough to withstand any attempt by the revanchionist powers of the world to roll back our achievements. Africa will be free of colonialism.
Liberate Portuguese Colonies
The colonies of Angola and Mozambique sit right at our borders. It is time to end the exploitation of their people.
Liberate British Colonies
The British Empire is the most infamous example of colonialism in history. We will end it.
Liberate Belgian Colonies
The Belgian Congo is widely regarded as one of the cruellest stories of exploitation and oppression. We will write the final chapter of that story.
South African Railways
The South African Railways company needs to be expanded. Bands of youth can be trained there, and given the necessary skills to both work in the country and serve overseas.
Expand the Mining Industry
South Africa’s mineral wealth is legendary, and we’ve only just begun to tap its deep reserves of gold, chromium and platinum.
Heavy Engineering
It is important that South Africa stay up to date with the latest in engineering techniques. Even though our industrial base is small, we should invest in heavy machinery and engineering to quickly catch up to our peers.
Infrastructure Effort
Much of South Africa remains rural and undeveloped. More roads and railroads can bring the natural wealth of the country to its hungry ports.
Armament Effort
South Africa is safe from invasion by any foreign power, but also remote from its allies. It is vital that it develop its own arms industry so that the Union is never undefended.
South African Steel
We have the coal and iron. Now we have the reason. Expansion of the Iscor steel works in Pretoria will provide the country with the heavy steel plating necessary for modern weapons.
Pretoria Arms
The existing steel works in Pretoria has focused on heavy plate. With some machine tools, however, we can convert some of the factory into a centre for small arms production.
Expand the Rand Mines
The Rand Mines are some of the deepest gold mines in the world - and so even with 19th-century technology. We are capable of so much more now. Dig deep! And greedily, even.
£tech_mod Fund the University of South Africa
Pretoria’s University of South Africa is one of the best universities on the continent - in the southern hemisphere, even. By investing in it, we can grow our own local talent instead of sending our young people overseas.
Establish the Atomics Energy Board
Atomic weapons will be the greatest military breakthrough since gunpowder, not to mention the peaceful uses of this power if we can harness the atom. Gather our top scientists to study this.
£tech_mod The Cape Defence Institute
Now that South Africa is fully a sovereign nation we are no longer receiving access to advanced prototypes and blueprints like we previously did. We must ensure that we always stay ahead of our enemies, and do not fall behind in technology.
£tech_mod Defence Collaboration Initiative
The British showed us the advantage of sharing scientific progress between close allies. Our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently if we take the steps necessary to coordinate this.
Special Service Battalion
South Africa is full of young, unemployed men who need to find something useful to do. The Special Service Battalion will instil some much-needed discipline and organization.
Improve the Three Oh Three
South Africa’s troops will be fighting in varied climates, and we are fortunate that the Lee-Enfield rifle is easily customized. The .303 cartridge has been modified a number of times by other countries to suit their needs.
Q Services Corps
The Q Services Corps will be the centralized authority responsible for the logistics and supply of the permanent army. It will handle the distribution of oil, rations, ammo and uniforms.
South African Military College
South Africa should have a military academy modelled on the lines of West Point in the United States. This will give us a professional officer corps loyal to the Union.
Expand the South African Artillery
The artillery corps was unified in 1934. Now the time has come to increase its size and capacity.
SA Engineer Corps
The South African Engineer Corps has barely 600 men in uniform. This is unacceptable in a modern army. We need more men and more training for this crucial task.
Equipment Effort
We cannot neglect the supply of support equipment needed for our army. Guns and tanks are well and good, but we need uniforms, radios, repair kits and more.
South African Special Forces
South Africa needs a home-grown commando squad to handle those difficult jobs in hard-to-reach places.
Mechanization Effort
Motorized and mechanized war is upon us. The Great Trek of the future will be guided by tracked and wheeled vehicles.
Cruiser Tanks
Tanks have come a long way from the sluggish beasts of the last war. We should look into adopting British cruiser tank designs for domestic production.
Allows the research and production of light cruiser tanks up to the Mk.VI\n\n
Commit to the Five-Year Plan
We have developed a Five-Year Plan for the modernization and expansion of the South African air force. The government must publicly commit to not fall behind this schedule.
Improve the Hawker Hartbees
The Hawker Hartbees we have are not the most advanced fighters in the world, but we will make do. Improved mechanics and training will get the most out of these biplanes.
Replace the Blenheim
The Bristol Blenheim has been a serviceable light bomber for the RAF, and for the Dominions. But it may be time to find something sturdier, with a longer range.
Perfect the \"Cab-Rank\" Technique
The \"Cab-Rank\" Technique has a series of bombers strike a target one at a time, in a long row. This maintains pressure on the enemy, but takes a great amount of skill.
Desert Air Force
The desert skies are clear, and the heat and sand mean special attention to the mechanics of our aircraft. There are valuable skills to be learned in this unforgiving environment.
Secure the Cape Sea Route
If the Suez should fall, the Cape will again be the gateway to the East. Defend it at all costs.
Retain Experienced Pilots
Too often our experienced pilots move on to the RAF instead of staying with our own force. The RAF has better opportunities for advancement and combat. But we should endeavour to keep our trained pilots close to home where they can inspire and educate other South Africans.
Seaward Defence Force
The Seaward Defence Force has served as our navy for two decades. Its funding should be increased.
Protect the Trade
The last war showed the importance of convoys and escorts. South Africa lies on a major trade route and should make sure that the goods get through to their destination.
Disrupt the Trade
The last war showed the importance of convoys and escorts. South Africa lies on a major trade route and is ideally situated to intercept and destroy enemy shipping.
Expand the Simon's Town Base
Simon's Town on the Cape has been the most important naval base in southern Africa since the 1790s. It should be refitted and expanded to accommodate more and larger vessels.
Anti-Submarine Tactics
Submarines threaten the ships that pass through the Cape of Good Hope. We must find and destroy them.
Submarine Warfare
Enemy trade convoys continue to use the pass through the Cape of Good Hope. We will strike them from below.
Prepare Overseas Offensive
With miles of coastline, South Africa is fit to train its soldiers in amphibious war. This is one of the most difficult of skills, but our boys can handle it.
Strengthen the Cape Garrison Artillery
The Cape Garrison guns must be upgraded and increased to protect the Cape from enemy attack.
A civil war will break out between §Yfascist Nationalists§! in South West Africa and §Ydemocratic Unionists§! in the rest of the country.
We will enter into a tech sharing agreement with Germany.
Spain is in a civil war.
Transfer the New Zealand Division
The 2nd New Zealand Division has been mobilized for action, so we should send it where the fighting is. The NZ Division from the Great War was attached to the Mediterranean, and so will the new division.
Form the RNZN
Our once small coastal patrol has now grown to include ships that can operate independently from Royal Navy supervision. New Zealand will have its own navy.
Expand Devonport Naval Base
The Devonport Naval Base will be the headquarters for our navy, but it must be expanded to meet the new demands of total war.
Coastal Defence
New Zealand is an island nation, far from enemies, so we must be prepared for amphibious attack along our coastlines.
Destroyer Effort
With our small industrial base, destroyers are the most efficient way for New Zealand to project naval power. Patrol the coasts, intercept submarines, and set early warning pickets.
Submarine Effort
Since any invasion will have to come by sea, the wolves of the ocean can be strong line of defence. Stealthy and hunting in packs, a submarine fleet can protect our sea lanes.
Light Cruiser Effort
Mid-size ships are appropriate for a mid-size power. Light cruisers can pack a punch, but have the speed to escape major engagements if necessary.
Capital Ship Effort
If New Zealand is to have a first-rate navy, it has to have first rate ships. We must invest in battleships and heavy cruisers.
Expand the NZPAF
The New Zealand Permanent Air Force needs new coastal patrol craft and naval bombers. Modern nations cannot neglect the air war,
Form the RNZAF
The time has come to make the air force independent of the other combat arms. The Royal New Zealand Air Force will have its own command structure but co-operate closely with the Royal Air Force.
Fighter Focus
Fighters are effective at intercepting and escorting the bombers that will be the decisive weapon for our allies.
Bomber Focus
Light bombers can effectively protect our coastlines, and will be needed in the fight overseas against our enemies.
Defend Our Islands
We must be prepared for attack on our island paradise from the sea. Naval bombers can intercept and attack landing craft or even target capital ships.
Modern Fighters
It is time to upgrade our fighter designs to faster craft with a longer range. Our allies have shown the way with some of the most advanced planes the world has ever seen.
Heavy Bombers
The war can only be won by striking at the heart of the enemy homeland. Heavy bombers are necessary to deal a devastating blow to enemy factories and cities.
National Roads Board
New Zealand’s rough terrain has discouraged a coherent road building system, but we need to improve what we have in place. A highway system should be researched, roads should be paved, and new paths cut through the mountains.
New Zealand Steel
New Zealand has been blessed with abundant stores of iron and, especially on the North Island. It takes a special process to extract ore from this sand, but it can serve as the cornerstone of our steel industry for years to come.
Taranaki Oil
The Taranaki region on the north island is rich in minerals and petroleum. Entrepreneurs have tried to exploit these oil reserves, but more investment is needed in refineries and drilling.
Wairarapa Sheep Farms
The wool industry of Wairarapa is one of the cornerstones of the New Zealand economy. As the world breaks out of its Depression, there will be greater demand for our wool.
Bureau of Industry
New Zealand is an agrarian society, with an emphasis on ranching. The Bureau of Industry must encourage great investment in capital infrastructure and manufacturing.
Department of Scientific and Industrial Research
The other Commonwealth and Dominion nations are investing in scientific and industrial research, so we should do the same.
Industrial Conscription
There is no reason for any able-bodied man to not be serving in the armed forces or working in a war related industry. Our new laws will put every shoulder to the wheel of mobilization and production.
Think Big
We have become accustomed to see ourselves as a lesser Dominion than our Aussie or Canadian allies. But New Zealand is fully capable of industrial greatness.
Project Seal
Project Seal is a new initiative with the Americans to develop a weapon that can trigger tsunamis to overwhelm our enemies. It is a little fanciful, but the bouncing bomb that has been developed shows great promise.
National Defence Institute
Now that New Zealand is fully a sovereign nation we are no longer receiving access to advanced prototypes and blueprints like we previously did. We must ensure that we always stay ahead of our enemies, and do not fall behind in technology.
Expand the University of Auckland
The University of Auckland is our most important post-secondary institution. By expanding its facilities, we can try to keep some of our finest minds here at home.
Army Reforms
We should modernize our army’s training and promotion system. This way we can be prepared for whatever happens in the ongoing world crisis.
Charlton Automatic Rifle
One of our citizens has modified the standard Lee Enfield rifle into a full automatic gun. This is New Zealand ingenuity at its best and we should encourage innovation along these lines.
Bob Semple Tank
Why shouldn’t New Zealand have its own tank? The Ministry of Works in Temuka is developing a light tank armed with only machine guns. Even if we never get this beyond a prototype, the experience we gain will be invaluable.
Domestic Arms Industry
We should turn as many industries as we can over to the production of small arms. We need ammunition, gun parts, support equipment and so forth. These can be made domestically.
Schofield Tank
If the Semple Tank didn’t meet our needs, maybe a tank with a proper cannon will do the trick. The combined wheel/track system is original and might lead us to new insights into tank design.
Long Range Patrol
Artillery Focus
Artillery is crucial for the support of any forward movement by our infantry. Expand research into ballistics and larger barrel guns.
Big Bob Tank
The battlefields of Europe are calling for heavier armour to compete with the super tanks of our enemies. The Big Bob will be New Zealand’s contribution to this design effort.
Research Collaboration
The British showed us the advantage of sharing scientific progress between close allies. Our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently if we take the steps necessary to coordinate this.
The First Labour Government
The First Labour Government for New Zealand has the opportunity to pursue a progressive social and economic agenda. Industrial regulation, workers’ rights, social welfare laws and rules for wages are all on the agenda.
Ratana Alliance
An alliance with the Ratana movement will bring Maori New Zealanders into the government and hopefully begin to heal some of the wounds of British conquest.
Maori Affairs Act
Much of the land owned by Maori is economically unproductive. If we can consolidate it and bring more under government control, we can turn these barren locations into fruitful sites of industry and commerce.
The Manpower Act
Ever since the war started, Maori have come to the cities in large numbers. The Manpower Act will let us steer those energies into New Zealand factories.
Amend the Maori Affairs Act
We must amend the Maori Affairs Act so that it boosts the productivity of underutilized lands, but doesn’t needlessly displace our Maori citizens.
Waitangi Tribunal
British New Zealanders should come to terms with what their ancestors did to displace, disrupt and marginalize the Maori of New Zealand. Bloody wars, land seizures, and natural rights ignored. Recognizing this legacy is a step to healing.
Maori Volunteers
Showing their patriotism, hundreds of Maoris are stepping up to volunteer for service in the New Zealand army.
Strengthen the Commonwealth
As a smaller Dominion, it is important to stick close to our friends and family. We will reinforce our ties to our fellow British territories.
Statute of Westminster
The Statute of Westminster gives us greater independence under the Crown while still keeping us within the Empire.
2NZEF
Despite the horrors of the last war, New Zealand is ready to march again. The 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force is being organized as we speak.
Arrest Pacifist Leaders
Now is not a time for dissension within the country. Everyone must focus on winning the war, and if that means detaining any who speak against the war, then that is what we will do.
Technology Sharing with Britain
Great Britain’s scientific and industrial base far exceeds our own, but since we are family, they are willing to share what they know with us.
The Lee Affair
John Lee, MP for Grey Lynn, has been causing problems within the Labour caucus. He is agitating for a more radical agenda instead of the cautious path we are taking. Measures must be taken to quiet his revolt.
Empower the Working Class
Labour has championed the working class since its founding, indeed many of our leaders have working class origins. Let’s push for more dramatic protections and powers for the unions.
Join Comintern
The time has come to join with our socialist brothers in an alliance. Through the Comintern we will achieve the worker’s paradise.
Technology Sharing with Soviet Union
The Soviet Union has many of the world’s top scientists and technology innovators. They are generous enough to share what they know with us, their comrades in arms.
In the Darkness
There is a rot inherent in the democratic systems championed by our mother country. True strength cannot be demonstrated through compromise.
Befriend Japan
As a Pacific nation, it suits our security interests to side with the strongest power in the region. Japan and its mighty navies can protect us from the world’s dangers.
Rule Them All
The antipodean nations of the South Pacific should be one united power. Australia should consider submitting to our superior ethos.
Technology Sharing with Japan
Japan has many of the world’s top scientists and technology innovators. They are generous enough to share what they know with us, their brothers in arms.
Constitution Amendment Act
The time has come for New Zealand to consider separating itself from British domination. We will amend our constitution to assert greater control over our own affairs.
Independent New Zealand
We are now a Republic! New Zealand owes nothing to the United Kingdom but the gratitude any child owes its mother for raising it safely. But we must leave the save nest of the Commonwealth and view the world with our own interests in mind.
[ENG.GetNameDef] transfers §Y2 Light Cruisers§! to us.

Prague Declaration
Czechoslovakia can be a very valuable ally. We should give up our claims and choose idea of long-term cooperation - even if chances for agreement are low. As the first step, we should guarantee their independence!
Poland suggest cooperation
At the meeting of representatives of polish and Czechoslovak governments in Hradczany, Poland officially resigned from all claims on Zaolzie, and made many declarations about future cooperation that may lead to Czechoslovak membership in Intermarium.
In those uncertain times our countries need friendship. We accept the proposal! Fight together or die alone!
Czechoslovakia is stronger alone!... but can we stop Germans, if they attack us?
Polish-Romanian cooperation
Since the Great War, Romania was the friendliest of Poland neighbours. Our defence pact against the Soviet Union is great base for further cooperation!... but can we stop the Red Bear, even together?
Poland suggests strengthening cooperation.
At the meeting of representatives of Polish and Romanian governments in Lviv, Poland proposed to extend the existing treaties from Bucharest and Warsaw to enable full military cooperation.
We accept the proposal, together we will be stronger!... stronger, but strong enough?
Romania is stronger alone!
Defence of Lviv
Lviv has the highest priority in defence of Poland and the whole Intermarium from the Soviet Union. By a joint effort, Poland and Romania should fortify this region.
Demand Zaolzie
We have been demanding Zaolzie for a long time. It’s time to make a final demand. Zaolzie or war!
Poland claims Zaolzie
Poland demand Zaolzie.
Poland was demanding this small territory with a Polish population living there for a long time... But now they have issued an ultimatum - Zaolzie or war. 
We are not ready for war.
Zaolzie is Czech!
Czechoslovakia relinquishes Zaolzie.
In fear from the Polish intervention, the Czech government decided to give up Zaolzie. Polish army entered the area and secured new border.
Great!
Czechoslovakia won't give up Zaolzie.
Czechoslovak government don't fear the possibility of Polish intervention and haven’t relinquished control of Zaolzie. War is almost certain.
They do not know what they are getting into.
Polish pilots
Our air forces are weak and backward, but our pilots are best in the world. They are well trained, full of will to fight and use original tactic of separated formation.
Pressure on Hungary
A Fascist Hungarian government can be dangerous for entire Intermarium. They are our brothers, to bottle and to sword, and we need to save them from fascist regime!
Poland try to subjugate Hungary
Polish pressure on Hungary
Polish demands
Poland demanded the resignation of current government and subordination of their interests to the Intermarium. They threatened that if we will not accept their demand, their Polish army will invade Hungary.
We don’t want war. Demand accepted... now let’s drink vodka together!
We will fight for our government!
Hungary surrender.
Hungary has succumbed to our pressure and formed a puppet government. Our interests in this country are safe... actually.
Intermarium growing in strength!
Hungary refuse.
Hungarian government refused our demands and has announced mobilization. If we want to achieve our target, war is certain.
Intermarium will crush them!
Zagreb summit
Yugoslavia joining our faction will allow us to gain influence in Mediterranean Sea and protect us from eventual attack from the west.
Zagreb summit
Representatives of Yugoslavia and all the countries in the Intermarium met in Zagreb to negotiate terms of future cooperation. As was expected, Poland offered Yugoslavia to join the faction.
Yugoslavia needs this alliance. Slavs must be together!
Yugoslavia is stronger alone... Now let's remove kebab!
Northern Pact
Finland can be a strong ally against Soviet Union. We should deepen cooperation with that brave nation.
East is secured.
If Soviet Union will attack- We will be ready!
The cult of Marshal Pilsudski
Marshal Pilsudski is a symbol that unify the Polish Nation. Even after his death, he inspired the will to fight for our country!
The proposal of the Northern Pact
The polish government is always looking for allies in defence against Soviet Union. Now, when the Intermarium is strong, they have sent us a proposal to join the faction.
Finland need this cooperation.
We don't need an ally like that.
Influence of Intermarium
Cooperation with Intermarium and Poland has grown our power, that was unimportant in our policy some time ago.
Czechoslovakia accept the proposal.
We managed to forgot past disputes and sign our guarantees of independence. It’s a huge success for Polish diplomacy, but also a chance for Czechoslovakia. In their country they started raising groups with their main target to cooperate with Poland.
Great!
Czechoslovakia refuse to accept the proposal.
Polish declarations and promises do not impress the Czechoslovak government. They didn't accept our proposal and refused to guarantee independence for Poland. What to do now?
We will guarantee their independence anyway!
Forget all suggestions! Now let's talk about Zaolzie!
We will guarantee a submission by force!

Prioritize Internal Stability
While the Japanese are a disease of the skin, the Communist Bandits are a disease of the heart. To save China, we must first purge her of all traitors.
Kuomintang Focus
The Shanxi Offer
Yan's fiefdom denies us military access. If we strongarm him into submission, then we can surround the communists and crush them once and for all.
Strike At The Communist Bandits
The bandits are still recovering from the Long March. We must strike when they are weak!
Anti-Communist Construction
After their near destruction during the Long March, the Communist Bandits are hiding in the Shaanxi region. We must attack before they can recover!
Add 4 §YInfrastructure§! in all states neighbouring PRC
Unify China
Now that the Communist Bandits have been destroyed, it is time for the warlords to meet the sword. They have been robbing from the people for too long. We must complete the National Revolution!
Prioritize External Threat
Although the communists are a dire threat, Japan has the ability to snuff out the entire Chinese nation. They will not content with Manchuria. Someday they will try to take the rest of China as well. We must do everything possible to prepare for the storm.
Build the Sun Yat-sen Line
With the Japanese probing the area around Beijing, their intentions become clear. We must fortify our borders. We will not give them an inch of sacred Chinese soil!
Central Fortifications
Given Japanese control of the seas, they will no doubt launch coastal invasions in the case of war. We must prepare while we can. The Paris of the Orient will not be given up without a fight!
National Defence Propaganda
In order to defend ourselves from the Japanese threat, the Chinese people must be as unified as possible. While we hate both the Communist Bandits and the Warlords, every man, woman and child must be willing to fight and die together in China's defence.
is not in a faction, or is in a faction at peace with [CHI.GetNameDef].
Demand Tibet
Tibet is essential to China's defence and future expansion. However, the region has been independent from Chinese rules since the 1911 Revolution. We must fix this error.
Befriend Tibet
Tibet is essential for China's defence and future expansion. However, Tibet gained independence following the 1911 Revolution. We must ally with the Dalai Lama and secure our flanks.
Either §Y[CHI.GetName]§! or §Y[TIB.GetName]§! is the owner of §YXikang§! and §YTibet§!.
Redraw McMahon Line
Tibet agreed to the shameful Simla Accord, which redrew their border with India. We must make sure that this line is redrawn in our favour.
neither §Y[CHI.GetName]§! nor §Y[TIB.GetName]§! is the owner of §YXikang§! and §YTibet§!.
Add maximum §YInfrastructure§! in §YYunnan§!\n
§YShanghai§! is in the hand of our enemy in the current war
Not enough building slots in §YXikang§!
§YHubei§! and §YHunan§! is in the hand of our enemy in the current war
At peace with owner of §YTaiwan§!
Not enough building slot in §YTaiwan§!
Army equipment bonus
Add maximum §YInfrastructure§! in §YSouth Chahar§!, §YChahar§!, §YEast Herbei§!, §YJehol§!, §YLiaotung§!, §YLiaoning§!, §YKirin§!, §YSongkiang§! and §YHeilungkiang§!
Gain war goal against foreign owner of said states.
\n§CAllow elections§!
Set ruling party to §YFascist§!.\n
§YThe Hundred Flowers Campaign starts.\n\nThe people will be allowed to point out the flaws in our government and make critiques about them.\n\n§!§RThis is a plot to expose malefactors, however, their critiques may sway our people's will. That the people might think that our government is incapable and become more attracted to other parties before we arrest those malefactors.§!
Invest in Industry
Chinese industry has always been behind that of the West and Japan. To maintain our independence, we must increase our industrial output. We can also allow foreign firms to invest in our industry.
Re-found the Jiangnan Arsenal
The Jiangnan Arsenal provided the Qing Dynasty with up to date equipment. We should borrow the name for a military industrial complex which can serve as a nucleus for our growing arms industry.
Expand the Navy
Our naval superiority has long been lost, having been broken at the Battle of the Yalu River. With the Japanese navy menacing our trade, we must make some efforts to defend our merchantmen on the high seas.
The Big Rear Plan
With the war raging in China's east, our west remains comparatively safe. We must try to develop these backwater areas so that they can contribute to China's war as well.
Adopt German-Style Equipment
Although we have support from German advisers such as Von Falkenhausen and some imported German equipment, our locally produced models are of sub-standard quality. By using German equipment as templates in our manufacturing process, we can be increase our quality eightfold!
Lure-Them-In Strategy
With our nation's vast territory and rough terrain, we can afford to retreat and lure invaders into battlefields of our choosing. Let the imperialists try and chase us! They shall encounter an ambush at every corner and a booby-trap with every step!
Reorganize the ROCAF
Our air force has always been neglected. If we want to be able to make any effort to fight in the air, the branch must receive serious reform.
The Flying Tigers
Realizing the justice of our cause, a group of American pilots have volunteered to join our air force en-masse. We should use these well-trained men as the elite core of a new and revitalized air force.
Study Foreign Ship Design
We lag behind other nations in ship design. If we are to have a first-rate navy someday, then we must learn what makes their ships superior so we can build our own.
Demand Taiwan
The people of Taiwan must be liberated from their current ruler and returned to us. Long divided, the nation must unite.
Taiwan Fleet Hub
The foreigners left behind an extensive amount of infrastructure in Taiwan. We should expand on this base to turn the entire island into one naval base and manufacturing centre.
Break the First Island Chain
If China is to achieve her full potential, we must not content ourselves to this side of the Pacific. We must build a fleet capable of sailing past Taiwan and Japan.
Draw the Nine-Dash Line
The South China Sea contains many important trade routes. If we claim this passageway, then we can move towards dominating Southeast Asia. However, we must have a fleet capable of backing up our claims and bringing all hostile trade to a watery grave.
Break the Second Island Chain
Now that we have a fleet capable of carrying the fight past Japan, we must now build a fleet that can make any nation in the Pacific feel China's wrath. We shall make Zheng He proud.
Enforce the Nine-Dash Line
It appears that stating our claims to the South China Sea was not enough. We must continue the expansion of our navy, so we can make the Imperialists see the justice of our cause by force!
Modernize Army
Spirit and skill is not enough to win a war. We also need up-to-date equipment.
Retake Manchuria
Dongbei, called Manchuria by the Westerners, fell to the Japanese and their puppets only a few years ago. We must take it back!
Found the Northeast Development Agency
Although the Japanese developed parts of Manchuria, vast tracts of land remain untouched. We should begin a vast effort to fully bring these once barbaric lands into the modern world.
£tech_mod Expand Peking University
Peking University is a world-class institution. We should give it more funding, as well as provide scholarships to talented youths, in order to produce a generation of skilled scientists and leaders.
Asylum for Jews
Facing persecution and death in Europe, many Jews have begun to settle in Shanghai. We should open our borders to all Jewish refugees, so we may in turn profit from their expertise. Already, Jewish engineers have brought us Polish and German arms designs. What else can they do for their new protectors?
Military Science
Civilian science and military science are both important to a nation's strength. A reasonable funding to the latter will make our army more formidable.
The Guandi Rocket System
The dawn of rockets in warfare has arrived. We must adopt this new weapon system if our armies are to survive on the modern battlefield. Let our enemies feel the rage of the god of war!
Nationalize Electronics Company
While electricity has yet to reach the countryside, our scientists are already busy at work producing indigenous electronic products for the Shanghai and Hong Kong markets. We should take control of Ch'eng-kung and use it for state research.
£tech_mod Education For The Nation
It is not enough to only allow those wealthy enough to afford a university education to enter the halls of learning. We must nationalize all of China's universities and have entrance be based off merit and not wealth.
Brave Science
Our scientists have had an inferiority progress, believing that, no matter what they do, they will never surpass the West. We need to start a propaganda program to restore our scientists' morale.
Nuclear Physics
If the theories of Einstein are correct, then splitting the atom could produce a weapon of untold power. This possibility should be further researched.
Fighter Focus
Air superiority is our first concern in aerial combat, and fighters are the ones that do the job.
Bomber Focus
Destroying supply lines and factories of our enemy is the best option in aerial warfare. Hence we should stick to the bomber.
CAS Effort
Close air support is extremely beneficial to our army's advance on the ground. These CAS fighters will win the war for us.
NAV Effort
Naval bombers excels in destroying enemy ships and ports, that is why it is an inalienable part of naval warfare.
National Reform
Our government is far from loved by the common man. We must begin rooting out corruption if we are to survive.
Rethink the Republic
Our current type of government is undesirable, we must seek another path.
Strengthen The Republic
Our citizens are content with the Republic. We must keep our roots firmly in Sun Yat-sen thought to enhance their trust.
End the People's Tutelage
Our citizens are now ready for democracy. By Sun Yat-sen's will, we shall end the era of single-party rule and hold elections as soon as they can be properly organized.
Continue the People's Tutelage
Although we have made great progress, the people are still not ready for democracy. We must continue to have KMT guidance.
Revive the New Life Movement
Our nation has long been teased for its weakness and inability. We should continue our earlier efforts to create a nationalistic citizenry, who can make China great again.
Into Communism
After a long debate between officials, we have decided that communism is the path to the future. We should join forces with Comrade Mao.
Return to Isolation
While others may claim it takes bravery and wisdom to take sides in a global conflict, we know it takes more to refuse.
Export the National Revolution
We value the freedom of all people, not only our own citizens. If preventing tyranny means war, then so be it.
Deterrence
Standing alone, we rarely benefit from war. Fortunately, we know that the best defence is one so well-known you never have to put it to use.
The Sun Yat-sen Brigades
Forcing our people to die for ideals of freedom would be an exercise in irony, but establishing means for those who wish to aid people abroad is not.
The National Friendship Expeditionary Corps
With our enemies prepared to intervene in distant conflicts on behalf of their ideals, we must be ready to do the same for ours.
Centralizing Power
The People's Tutelage phase is slowly allowing us to centralize all power, both local and regional, in the hands of the central government. We shall not repeat the mistakes of 1912 and 1916. There can be no federalism in a united China.
Despotism
By the decree of Chiang, China will follow neither Democracy, Fascism nor Communism. China shall follow the KMT, as we lead the middle kingdom into the future. Our enemies call this despotism. We call it progress.
Black Laboratory
What is the use of petty things such as morality in science? To maintain progress, we shall begin experimentation on prisoners immediately.
A New Constitution
The previous constitution insufficient to prevent tyranny and corruption. To fully transition to a democratic republic, we must write a new constitution. The right to vote, the right to liberty, and checks & balances most all be put into place. China must become a nation of laws and not a nation of men.
Rural Reconstruction Movement
The Communists have their power base in the dissatisfied peasantry. For democracy to survive in China, we must totally destroy the Communists' base of support by improving the lives of the peasants. The landlords must have their estates broken up, new agricultural techniques must be introduced, schools founded, medical care provided; It is time that China begins taking care of its people.
The Three Principles of the People
Central to Sun Yat-sen thought are the three principles of the people: democracy, nationalism and the people's welfare. While in the past we only achieved nationalism, we now march towards completely achieving Sun's dream.
Western Friends
Democracy is much more established in the West than in China. We should join the bloc of Western democracies to learn from their example and make the coalition of free peoples stronger.
Alone In The East
The Western Democracies are in embroiled in Chaos. Joining them now would destroy our new and fragile republic. We must stand alone in Asia, as a light of liberty in the East.
£tech_mod Education of Citizenship
In the past, education was not available for many people. By expanding the national school system with a curriculum that seeks to create citizens, not subjects.
Education for The Future
In the past, education was not available for many people. By expanding the national school system with a curriculum that seeks to create citizens, not subjects.
£tech_mod Westernization
The western world's knowledge is beyond our imagination, adopting their knowledge would require a whole campaign.
Power to The Blueshirts
The strength shown by the German Reich is very intriguing. Our nation must follow their path to glory. We must support those at home who have shown great passion for our nation.
National Military Indoctrination
People say 'Do not use good iron to make nails, do not use good men to make soldiers.' Such disdain for the military will not do. We must increase the standing of the services in the people's eyes.
Ban Communism
Communism is the pest of society. We must ban the pest to prevent our society's degradation.
Rebuild the Empire
China has been the most powerful nation on the face of the Earth for the majority of civilized history. We must retake our place in the sun.
Anti-Soviet Isolation Tactics
With the Comintern spreading into Central Asia, we are slowly being surrounded by the red menace. We must sow distrust in their alliance system to re-establish the old borders.
War Propaganda
Brainwashing our people with the benefit of war and victory is a great way to unite our people and create a strong military.
Military First
'Informing' our people of the benefits of war and expansion will go along in ensuring our ability to go slay monsters abroad.
War Fanaticism
It is not enough to fight and die. We must fight and win, at all cost. Let our blood make China the centre of the world once more! ZHONGGUO WANSUI!
The Tribute System Claims
We have lost both our own land and our tributaries to the Imperialists. Given that tributaries would formally become vassals to the throne, we could make claims on many places in East Asia...
Recognize Mao's Government
Recognizing their government is a great way to improve our relationship and ease the tension.
Privilege to Proletarians
The workers have been exploited for too long. It is time to liberate them and give them all of the privileges that they deserve.
Integration of Government
With both nations under Mao's guidance, two government shall become one.
Hundred Flowers Campaign
Some reactionaries are still in our midst. The best way to expose them is to give them a chance to voice their minds.
Great Leap Forward
We are far behind both West and the Soviets. In order to achieve communism and protect the people, we must engage on a gigantic mass campaign to catch up in a small amount of time.
Join Comintern
Being surrounded by enemies, it is a good idea to find security in the ranks of our comrades from other nations. By joining the Comintern we can secure our position and advance the cause of communism worldwide.
Set ruling party to Communism
£tech_mod Socialist Science
The world, like the mind, is in constant motion. Nature is in a state of constant progress; revolution even. The principles of dialectical materialism can be applied to the natural sciences as well as the social...
Modern Socialist Science
The world, like the mind, is in constant motion. Nature is in a state of constant progress; revolution even. The principles of dialectical materialism can be applied to the natural sciences as well as the social...

Demand Central Steppe and Sinkiang
Territorial dispute does not have to end in bloody wars, diplomatic methods are also viable options. If they are willing to compromise...
The owner of Central Steppe states( §YMongolia§! and §YTannu Tuva§! ) and the §YSinkiang§! Area will receive the demand.
Demand Indochina
Territorial dispute does not have to end in bloody wars, diplomatic methods are also viable options. If they are willing to compromise...
The owner of §YLaos§!, §YTonkin§! and §YIndochina§! states will receive the demand.
Special Forces Training Program
We have need of elite forces. We must train our soldiers to become the best.

Improve the Burma Road
Although the British built the Burma Road to help the war against the Japanese. The road itself isn't that efficient, we should improve it.

Boycott Comintern
Comintern is a stinking hellhole full of revisionist pigs. We shall create our own faction and follow the true path of Marxist-Leninist.

Receive fighters and pilots from USA.\n

Fate of Sinkiang
Sinkiang is rightful Chinese land. Now that with both of us under the leadership of the Great Soviet Union, we can take the chance to request Sinkiang to be returned to China.
Invite Sinkiang
If we are to follow the true path of Marxist-Leninist, we must seek ally to stand against the revisionist pigs at the Comintern.
War with Sinkiang
Sinkiang is undoubtedly just another nation infected by revisionist pig. We must remove them!
Pressure Sinkiang
With Sinkiang's status, we must prevent them from joining the Comintern! The Communist world must not grow any larger!
Ultimatum to Sinkiang
Chiang decided that Sinkiang must be returned to the Chinese. An ultimatum will be sent to the leader of Sinkiang. Chiang believe they will be wise and choose the right option...

You or any nations in faction with you are at war with §YSinkiang§!.

Overturn the Unequal Treaties
With the numerous unequal treaties signed by the incompetent Qing Dynasty with the western nations, some of our land is still in unjust hands. We must unite our people under one banner!
Trade Ports for Assistance
With the western nations and ours practicing democracy, we must aid each other when they are in the hours of need. However, such assistance shall come with a price for the humiliation they cast upon us when we were weak.
The Chinese Ports
The secession of trade ports in the unequal treaties is most humiliating to the Chinese, as our trade is now constrained by the westerners an our lands divided. We must retake those lands and make China great again!

Request Soviet Presence
If the Western world do not compromise in the trade port issue, we must request Soviet Union's presence to increase our odd.
Demand Trade Ports
We must retake the trade ports from the Western world, they are ours by right.
Local Industrialization: North West
The North-West region might look like a barren land for now, soon it will become one of most industrialized area.
North West Excavation
We must prospect for more resources in our land so that we can become independent from imported resources.
Local Industrialization: South
The South may be one of the most industrialized are, but it can be much more improved.
Rubber Plantation
The climate in the south is very suitable for rubber plantation, we should take good use of it.
North East Prospection
The Japanese left numerous tools in the area, we can use them to discover new resources in the area.
Ledo Road
The Burma Road has been cut off by invaders, we must construct another road from India for supplies.
Lower the penalty from §YPublic Iliteracy§!\n
§YMacau§! is not owned by China and the owner is at peace with China
§YGuangzhouwan§! is not owned by China and the owner is at peace with China
§YHong Kong§! is not owned by China and the owner is at peace with China
§YPortugal§! owns §YMacau§!, does not have civil war and is at peace with China
§YFrance§! owns §YGuangzhouwan§!, does not have civil war and is at peace with China
§YGreat Britain§! owns §YHong Kong§!, does not have civil war and is at peace with China
Dare-To-Die Corps
If we are to win the war against the invaders, our people must be brave enough to not afraid of death.

Airbase Expansion
We need airbases for our aircraft to take off and land, otherwise they will just be a bunch of exhibits in the warehouse.
National Resources Commission
The National Resources Commission (NRC) is an institute responsible for the prospection and excavation of resources in China. Establishing it will greatly enhance our effort in getting natural resources.
National Defence Council
With the Japanese and the communist bandits doing harm to our nation, we must find a way to organize our defence against them. We should also try importing up-to-date equipment abroad.
Expand the Jiangnan Shipyard Group
We should expand Jiangnan Arsenal's capability of building ships. This will give us a better navy to face future threats.
Revive the Hanyang Arsenal
The Hanyang Arsenal was one of the most important and successful armoury during the Self-Strengthening Movement started by the Qing officials. We can revitalize it to produce up-to-par equipment for our army.
Increase Trade with Macau

New Forms of Warfare
New Forms of Warfare
New Forms of Warfare

Dirty Tricks

Blow up the dams


£tech_mod Military Theory

£tech_mod Naval Research

Evacuate Artefacts Of Forbidden City
Concerning the Japanese menace, we had the artefacts of Forbidden Palace evacuated to Shanghai back in 1933 to protect them in case of a war broke out. Now the enemy has come so close to Shanghai, we must evacuate the treasures again to prevent them from falling into enemy hands!
The artefacts will be moved to §YChongching§!
£tech_mod Focus on Military Theory

£tech_mod Focus on Industrial Research

£tech_mod Air Innovations

Naval Effort
Time to dip our toes into the water
£tech_mod Naval Research

Destroyer Effort

The Hidden Front

Rocky Mountain Rangers
We have the advantage of having a wide range of mountains right in our country. By using these we can train troops that specialize in combat in them.
The Cold North
We are no strangers to severe winters. Our troops can endure the elements better both with equipment optimized for such conditions and the experiences of it first-hand.
War Purchasing Board
To this point Canada never really had a military industrial complex. We shall establish a board for the purchasing and centralisation of whatever production we do have to repurpose them to military uses.
Wartime Housing Ltd
Our people must be relocated to the new industrial centres. By providing quality housing as a reward we can attract worker to expand our industrial production greatly. We may even be able to retool existing industrial sectors to more useful production.
Canadian Pacific Railway
The Canadian Pacific Railway saw some decline during the great depression. We must make sure this extremely important railroad, which connects the west and east coasts of Canada, is up to standards. Montreal is an ideal city to task with this project.
Canadian Maritime Railway
A war in Europe seems inevitable. We must improve infrastructure towards the Atlantic so that we can more easily ship supplies towards the war front.
Central Investment
The great depression hit us hard. Let us invest in the core of our nation so that we can better transport ores mined in northern Ontario to our mills in the south of the province.
Long Branch Arsenal
If we are to properly convert our militia to a proper army we must invest in small arms production and research.
Polymer Corp.
Our nation is totally dependent on natural rubber from outside the nation, especially south-east Asia. By establishing the Polymer Corporation, we can invest into the research of possible alternatives to natural rubber, preferably by using materials already available to us.
Imperial Oil Ltd
While Imperial Oil is not a crown company it may still be wise to invest in their efforts to find oil in Alberta. The province has proven to at least have some oil reserves thus far, but luck has not been on our side.
Bennett's New Deal
Though previously speaking out against what he saw as wasteful spending & communist ambition, R.B. saw the writing on the wall and began to model his own 'New Deal'. The progressive reforms brought new socialist policies, an attempt to gain the vote of the working class. The change came as too little too late, losing the election. His 11th hour proposal lived on, continued by the succeeding government.
Crown Companies
The Great Depression hit us hard, much like our neighbour to the south. With proper legislature and support structures we can establish various so-called Crown Companies to kickstart our industry. We should also promote the pre-existing industry, perhaps nudging them into more useful production avenues.
Angus Shops
As in the great war the CPR will repurpose its 'Angus Shops' to the production of military equipment, like say tanks for example.
Human Capital
We shall prove to the world that it is not merely the quantity of workers alone that decide the productivity of your nation, but also the quality of its industrious people.
Aluminium Company of Canada Ltd
Canada was the birthplace of the aluminium industry, right here in Quebec. By further promoting the mining and processing of alumina we can become a great asset in the war effort.
Canadian Cycle and Motor Co. Ltd.
The Brits had rated many of our factories as 'little better than garages'. Let us prove them wrong by making use of every factory to its full extent, no matter how poorly fit it may seem. We will adapt and repurpose civilian factories for production, making use of every 'bit and piece' we can find.
Industrial Engineering Ltd.
Not every factory needs to be strictly making guns, ammo and the like. By improving tools-of-trade themselves we can more efficiently produce armaments as well.
The Canadian Shield
Canada lies directly onto of a wide variety of minerals and natural resources ripe for the taking. This is no surprise to the already existent companies present. By both promoting the companies there, as well as expanding crown companies to further exploit nature we can lower our dependence on foreign goods, like steel.
Liquid Carbonic Canadian Corporation
This Québec based company produces parts for soda fountains. We can repurpose the factories to instead build tank parts, further expanding our output.
Canadian Armed Forces
The population is unwilling to enter a war. This is not a good start with an already small pool of manpower, so we must address the urgency of the potential coming conflicts. This will take much time, but the Prime Minister is sure he can eventually make them agree the cause is just.
A Militia No More
Up until now our army was merely considered a militia. We must establish a set of reforms to become a proper 'Canadian Army'
General Motors Company
We are no strangers to the industrial world. By re-purposing GM's factories, we can produce trucks allowing us to motorize our armies.
Royal Canadian Ordnance
Our numbers are limited so we must make the best use possible of what we do have. By promoting support regiments, we can help cut down losses on the field, both of the human and machine variety. Every bit and piece counts after all.
Dominion Steel and Coal Corp.
This crown company was established with the help of US interests. By investing in their facilities in Nova Scotia, as well as similar companies elsewhere, we can produce substantially more steel.
The North Thaws
The House of Commons, the British Crown and most important of all the Canadian people agree that the time is now. We must stand together against a common enemy. Already Canadians are lining up to volunteer for the war.
Royal Canadian Navy
A proper fleet needs proper tactics. Let us learn from our friends the British
Halifax Royal Naval Dockyard
We must focus the production of our fleet on smaller vessels, such as destroyers and cruisers.
Lessons from Hong Kong
We have learned many lessons during the joint defence of Hong Kong with the UK. We can use what we learned to train specialized troops specializing in amphibious assault and defence.
Esquimalt Royal Naval Dockyard
We must not forget the Pacific theatre. As such it would be best to expand our naval dock yard on Vancouver Island.
Royal Canadian Air Force
The Royal Canadian Air Force has a lot of work to do to catch up with its big British brother, the RAF. What it lacks in numbers it has in quality.
Handley Page Ltd.
This company can provide us with a new and capable range of bombers. We should start production and distribution of these immediately.
The Plan
By cooperating with our allies we can pursue even new aerial tactics and plane designs, expanding into bombers and fighters.
Canadian Vickers Ltd
This promising Montreal based company can be used to help design and produce aircraft, such as naval bombers.
Statute of Westminster
Not much time has passed since the statute that elevated us to being equals among the other nations of the commonwealth. Let us make use of this new political influence to make changes.
Unity of the Commonwealth
We will stand together with the commonwealth, through thick and thin. While we may be independent we still all share a common history.
In Defence of Canada
War is brewing in Europe. Although an ocean away from us we cannot simply ignore this threat. By sending volunteers to our allies we can aid in the war effort, hopefully preventing the terrors of war from visiting our shores.
All Us Brave Canadians
Despite its initial hesitation the citizens of Canada are now exceptionally eager to help in the cause. We should encourage this to help with the war effort.
United We Stand
We will not be defeated! We will fight for what is right, both at home and abroad if necessary.
Committee for Industrial Organization
By promoting unions in general we can achieve better work and pay standards to help further the agenda pushed by 'On-to-Ottawa Trek'. This will displease the more capitalistic nations of the world no doubt.
Mackenzie-Papineau Battalion
In the face of growing communist sentiment around the world we shall push to help those struggling against their governments and stand as one united front. Both China and Spain have such sentiment growing that could use support.
Loyalty to One
We do not need the commonwealth. We shall prove to the world that we too are a strong nation capable of achieving whatever we want, by ourselves and by force if necessary.
Camp X
This training facility teaches important lessons in a variety of clandestine techniques, including tapping into and decoding enemy transmissions. It would be ideal if we expand these teachings to our allies so that they too can benefit from it. We should also extend our Pacific theatre’s radio range by installing a listening post on the Charlottes.
A Red Leaf Follows a Red Banner
Our people have changed; No longer do we follow the whims of a foreign crown but instead follow our own path. The Soviets applaud our recent actions and are willing to send support our way; We need only ask.
The People's Home
Our comrades come in greater and greater numbers to aid us. Together we can make this nation truly a place of wonders. Likeminded people from all around the world come to us in great numbers. Let us send them 'Vancouver Island' so that we can grow closer to our friends west of us.
Swastika Clubs
Canada does not have a strong nationalist party, yet. By uniting the various small and splintered 'Swastika Clubs' into one unified party can we truly set things in motion.
Canadian Parachute Battalion
By using a superior quality, instead of quantity, of specialized troops we can penetrate deep into enemy territory to cut off their supplies. These are dangerous missions however that require specially trained personnel.
The Battle of the Atlantic
In order to deliver supplies and materials across the Atlantic we must make sure our convoys are secure. Let us do so by bombing out enemy vessels.
D-Day
A naval invasion is an inevitable part of the war. We should plan ahead for this so that we can more hastily make appropriate plans to strike anywhere on the enemy's coastline.
The Black Devils
By collaborating with our allies we can train special forces like none have ever seen. They will be stronger, faster than other soldiers but most important of all: They will strike fear in the enemy.
Unchecked Nationalism
Only with a strong push towards promoting nationalism both abroad and at home can we make ourselves noticed.
Start Them Early
By reforming the school curriculums we can start promoting our zeal to even younger people, allowing a deeper pool of recruits loyal to the cause.
The Lynn Canal Dispute
The US presence in the west is unacceptable. We had previously argued with the US on this very topic before over the Lynn Canal but we must be bolder in opposition to the international tribunal's decision. We must have all of Alaska for ourselves if we are to secure our borders properly.
The Newfoundland Referendum
The British presence in the east is unacceptable. We must have Newfoundland and Labrador for ourselves if we are to secure our borders properly.
Claim St. Pierre and Miquelon
Now that we are the rightful owners of Newfoundland and Labrador we should see about removing the French from our coastline.
Canada First
We refuse to be a part of the European political machinations. Instead we will stride forth as the master of our own destiny. Perhaps the USA is interested, if they aren't already aligned anyways.
Faction Unity
We do not have the manpower to truly stand alone. Let us stand united with our faction against external threats.
Technology Sharing
We can collaborate with our allies on matters of technology to pursue our goals.
The Regina Manifesto
By merging similarly aligned parties, such as the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation, into one unified party we can further push a common agenda amongst the populace. Together we can demolish the corrupt capitalists of the world.
Our Home and Native Land
This is our home and we must protect. Let us do everything in our power to make one final push, if not for us then for our children, or our children's children.
Conscription Plebiscite
We must hold a plebiscite on the rules of conscriptions, where they may be used and to what degree the provinces must commit. This especially affects Quebec that has been mostly unofficially exempted from conscription since the conscription crisis of 1917 during the great war.
The Québec Referendum
They are a part of our nation their people are our people. We should reason with them diplomatically surely, they will understand our cause. Especially in light of the results of the plebiscite they may have a change of heart.
Allons-y.. Canadians!
Regardless of their decision we can make use of war propaganda to potentially sway the rest of Québec to listen.
Place Québec under Curfew
The results of the plebiscite have clearly shown that the majority of Canada is for the conscription changes, except for Quebec. They were the sole majority voter against these changes and continue to obstruct the process. We shall place them under strict curfews to prevent another conscription crisis while enforcing the conscription.
Amend the War Measures Act
Still they refuse to fully follow conscription laws. If they will not listen to our demands, we will force them to listen to them by expanding the war measures act to intern those Québecois that still refuse to adhere to the plebiscite.
The Québec Agreement
We should hold a tripartite meeting with the USA and the UK regarding a new weapons project. Our nation has an abundant supply of uranium and the USA seems interested in using it in a so-called 'Manhattan Project'. Assisting them in this may prove to be a good idea.
The White Stars of the North
Our lands are rich in many materials, including uranium. By studying this material, we could potentially make weapons that would bring horror to our enemies. It may also be prudent to research other ways to deliver frightening destruction from afar.

Department of Housing Construction
A policy of the elected government of 1935, we can issue tenders for the mass construction of new homes for our citizens. Such large-scale operations involve standardisation of parts and fittings to a much greater extent than previously seen in our country.
Public Works Department
Most public works are being carried out by the Unemployment Board, and focused on the relief of unemployment. We can transfer these to the Public Works Department, and expand genuine works activity by importing earth-moving machinery.
Highways and Road Works
We have increased the efficiency of our public works. Now we can expand the Public Works department, and build new roads for our country.
Encourage Private Industry
Through government orders and subsidies, we can encourage the development of local manufacturing.
Develop Hydro-Electric Power
Historically, New Zealand prepared poorly for the increased demand for electrical power from increased industry requirements and reduced imports of fuel. But we have considerable potential to develop more hydro-electrical power to buffer our economy.
Task Universities with Research
We have developed our economy to be more self-sufficient. New ideas are being created and tested. We can fund various projects to help develop our country further. Historically the DSIR and University of Auckland played prominent roles. The most famous project was Project Seal, an abortive attempt to create a tsunami bomb using explosives laid off an enemy coastline.
Enact Social Policy
The NZ Labour government of 1935 was elected with a policy to create the western world's first social security system, including free-at-the-point-of-use healthcare.
Pass Social Security Act
Combining a comprehensive array of welfare benefits with free-at-the-point-of-use healthcare, the Social Security Act of 1938 was intended to protect New Zealanders from the cradle to the grave. It sustained both a safety net and trust in government during the tough decisions ahead, but critics claimed the welfare state was too expensive and encouraged dependence.
Accept Offer of Maori Battalion
As war seemed inevitable, Sir Apirana Ngata and other Maori leaders proposed the formation of a unit formed from Maori volunteers. The Maori Battalion went on to be the most decorated New Zealand battalion during the war.
Enact Civilian Manpower Controls
Our country has a strong tradition of organised labour. Regulations reducing overtime rates to boost production are meeting overt resistance and strikes. However, restrictions on stopping essential war work have much the same effect and are more accepted, although critics liken them to conscription.
Pass the Manpower Act
Due to historic wage agreements, different rates of pay are draining many essential industries of skilled workers. Attempts to renegotiate these terms are meeting overt resistance and strikes. This act allows us to transfer our scarce workforce to work of national importance, including women. In effect industrial conscription, our country's sense of shared sacrifice allows us to take this measure.

Rearmament
Historically, rearmament pre-war was politically unpopular. However, what if the government had leveraged its popularity after enacting its social programme to rearm?
From Peace to War
Our peacetime suppliers have diverted production to their own needs. We must develop our military industry to become more self-sufficient.
Military Industry
Historically, New Zealand suffered shortages of nearly every category of military equipment in the early war. We need to increase our production of munitions and armaments.
Military Industry II
Our military forces need an ever-increasing supply of equipment of all kinds. New construction is needed.
Military Industry III
The demands of modern warfare are never-ending. New military factories can be established.

Increase Refrigerated Storage
We are a farming nation with 30 million sheep and 2 million dairy cows, and in times of war shipping may be in short supply. Our largest contribution to the war effort is to continue supplies of vital food for citizens and soldiers abroad. Being able to store perishable food is critical for sustaining our economy and supplying our allies.
Steel and Iron in the South Island
We have a steel rolling mill in Dunedin and rich deposits of high-grade iron ore in Onekaka. We can restart iron smelting in Onekaka and duplicate the rolling mill, to feed the demands of our economy.
Develop Canning Capacity
Canned meat does not need refrigerated space, and there is a great demand for rations for American forces in the Pacific. Historically, meat canning expanded throughout the war, especially in response to the American Pacific campaign.

Colonial Ammunition Company
New Zealand's only industrial manufacturer of ammunition at war's start. They operate an extensive facility and are prepared to expand production.
Charlton Motor Workshops
British weapons are in short supply as the UK rearms. An engineer by the name of Philip Charlton has developed a kit to convert Boer War-era rifles into light machine guns. Historically 1500 were built. Although considered inferior to a new-built Bren, it was available, lighter and worked perfectly and reliably during testing.
Truck Assembly Plants
We have a number of assembly plants for cars and trucks, most in the Wellington region. We can expand production by manufacturing licensed parts in small workshops, and using our existing plants for assembly.
Local Production
We can develop our subcontracting further, producing and assembling components for armoured cars and other light armoured vehicles, both licensed and home-designed. Historically 1300 tracked carriers, and other vehicles, were produced. The General Motors plant in Wellington was the most notable factory involved.
Domestic Designs
With foreign sales cut off, a number of citizens have proposed basic light tank designs we can construct ourselves. Historically the best of these was the Schofield tank, the improved version mounting a 2 pdr gun. Further development was stopped when US tanks became available in quantity.
License Vickers Light Tank Design
Earlier Vickers designs have been widely exported, and produced under license by both Poland and the Soviet Union. Our friends in the Mother Country are willing for us to produce the Vickers Light Mk.VI under license.
License Valentine Tank Design
A reliable and well-protected tank design. Our developing tank industry can now handle larger castings and more complex suspensions. Historically the Valentine was produced under license in Canada, most of which were sent to the USSR.
License M3 Lee Design
Should British designs prove unsuitable or delayed, we can seek the assistance of the great Arsenal of Democracy. Historically, Canada built licensed M3 chassis for their Ram Tanks, although they did not see combat.
License M4 Sherman Design
The M3 was succeeded by the superior Sherman. Historically the Allies agreed to standardise on the M4, and Canada produced their own version under license as the Grizzly.
Refurbish Salvaged Equipment
The spoils of war belong to the victor. Our forces in the field have 'acquired' some damaged or abandoned tanks and other armoured vehicles of various types. These can be put back in the field under new ownership with a modest amount of effort.
Mechanisation of Support Arms
We can focus our planning efforts on increased mechanisation of our infantry and their support arms.

Council of Defence
Form a Council of Defence to coordinate the activities of the three services and to advise the Government on defence policy.
Imperial Defence College
With the improving financial situation, we can once again send senior staff to study overseas.
Reorganise Army
The requirements of modern warfare require change. We can open army schools, improve training facilities, and implement increased mechanisation of our infantry and support arms.
Form the 2NZEF
New Zealanders in combat will probably be doing so well distant to our shores. Only abroad can those who threaten our interests be defeated. We can start creating the Second New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
Form the Home Guard
We can form a volunteer militia for home defence.
Upgrade Coastal Defences
We have a series of obsolete coastal fortifications dating from WW1 or the Russian scare of 1885. These can be upgraded, and new posts established.
Planning Effort for Europe
The defining conflict will be once again in Western Europe, where our fallen from the last War lie from Flanders Fields and the Somme.
Planning Effort for Middle East
Just as we fought in the Suez, Sinai and Palestine in the Great War, so we may be asked to fight again in the scorching sands. Our lines of supply are shorter here, and the Commonwealth sees us as hardy colonials suited to hard terrain.
Planning Effort for Pacific
Our home cannot be neglected. The security of the Pacific has always required any attacker from the North to be delayed until the Royal Navy can muster its strength.

An Independent RNZAF
Airpower will be a dominant force. Our growing air force must be able to evolve independently of the army if we are to take full advantage.
Light Airframe Planning
Our workforce and airmen are intelligent and adaptable. We can plan for the construction and use of light airframes.
Airfield Construction
We will need to construct new airfields, not just for immediate defence, but also to hold our training establishments.
License British Designs
Our ties with the Mother Country are strong. Negotiations can proceed for technical assistance with a number of aircraft designs.
Air Patrols over the Pacific
The distances to be covered in the South Pacific are vast, and our naval forces few. Aircraft are an efficient means of keeping watch over the waters to our north.

Transfer Bombers and Crews to RAF
Where Britain goes, we go. Where she stands, we stand. We have a purchasing option for 30 bombers, with crew training in the UK. Let us offer these to the RAF. Historically the New Zealand Wellington bomber flight then became No.75 (NZ) Squadron RAF.
Join the BCATP
The British Commonwealth Air Training Plan was a massive joint aircrew training program created by the UK, Canada, Australia and NZ. New Zealand went on to provide 2,743 pilots for the RAF during the war.
Commonwealth Ties
We are a small trading nation, likely far from the fields of battle. We can best serve the common interest through cooperation with our historic allies.
Commonwealth Exchanges
We can cooperate with our allies, and benefit from our shared wisdom.
Technical Assistance
Our ties with the Mother Country are strong. They will assist us as we introduce new technology and equipment to our armed forces.
Commonwealth Mutual Aid
Great Britain and the Commonwealth appreciate our hard work on behalf of the alliance. Despite the needs of their own armed forces, they offer further technical assistance. Historically NZ received a great deal of aid and lend-lease, most of which was written off after the war.
Radio Industry
Our fledgling radio industry is expanding rapidly to cope with our own needs. We can expand further to export additional radios and even radar units to our allies.

The Singapore Strategy
From the 1920's our core defence policy has been to rely on Royal Navy assistance, sustained by a fortified naval base. It's status as a symbol of Imperial commitment helped obscure the growing strategic weaknesses in the strategy. Historically New Zealand helped fund the Naval base, which was finished in 1939.
Contribute to Landward Forts
For better or for worse, work on the grandly-named 'Fortress Singapore' goes slowly. The Singapore Strategy as written requires Australasia to hold on until the Royal Navy can arrive. Contributing to defence works is an option we can choose. Historically the UK started work on ground fortifications, unfinished when invasion occurred.

Develop Shipbuilding
Our country has an established, if modest, shipbuilding industry. Historically, shipyard expansion for repairs and the construction of minesweepers and smaller craft occurred from 1940. However, our citizens and policies support industrialisation, and we can focus on shipbuilding now if we so choose.
Our Place in the World
We are a small country dependent on the sea to sell the products of our labour, and receive vital imports. Freedom of the seas is critical for our survival. How or if we go about contributing to this is up to us.
Construct Minesweepers
Rearmament has begun, and there is a never-ending demand for escorts and other small ships. We can make plans to construct minesweepers to protect our ports and trade, which will also give our shipbuilders valuable experience.
Patrol Craft
Our waters need defenders. We can start planning for the construction of smaller craft on our own initiative. Historically motor launches were constructed that saw service in the island campaigns. In total nearly 500 vessels were constructed during the war, and at least partial repairs done on over 1000 US ships.
Form the RNZN
As the New Zealand Division of the Royal Navy, due to expansion our forces are largely self-sufficient and independent of the Royal Navy. Identifying our navy as our own recognises this fact. Historically this occurred 1 October 1941.
British Cruiser Designs
Cruisers have long patrolled the South Pacific, being a versatile and balanced ship with adequate range. Perhaps it is time we constructed our own.
United States Programme
The United States has enquired whether our country can construct smaller craft such as tow boats, tugs and powered lighters for the Pacific. We have no steel-workers not already engaged on essential work. However, we can rapidly retrain and supervise carpenters and other trainees, use coachbuilding firms, and bring in steel-workers from the Railway Workshops. Historically over 100 vessels were built.

Defence of the Local Islands
Our means may be limited, but we can still look to our own defence. To the west lies the bulwark of Australia. The most direct threat to our trade and freedom will come from the north. We can build a base in Fiji to help protect our coastal waters.
Reinforce Fiji
We can further develop the installations in our northern neighbour.

Mutual Aid
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Look Beyond the Commonwealth
New powers are arising in the Pacific, and Britain is occupied ever-more distantly in Europe. While our ties to Britain may remain, our country's needs may require us to look at other options as well. Historically this occurred during the close cooperation with the US needed during the Pacific campaign, and the reality of a US-dominated Pacific after the end of the war.
Collectivist Ethos
Our enemies may divide and conquer lesser nations, but our people will stand united. All for one and one for all.
Liberty Ethos
In this time of ideological fanatics who seek to suffocate the human spirit, we will safeguard individual liberties and freedom.
Militarism
Those who view the military as a necessary evil are doomed to hesitate in the face of war. We will ingrain militarism into our culture to become a people of soldiers.
Political Correctness
People holding mildly controversial or otherwise embarrassing opinions appear to be concerned that there is a wide-reaching conspiracy against them. This seems like an excellent idea.
Neutrality Focus
While others may claim it takes bravery and wisdom to take sides in a global conflict, we know it takes more to refuse.
Interventionism Focus
We value the freedom of all people, not only our own citizens. If preventing tyranny means war, then so be it.
Military Youth
Organizations to promote discipline and political education of young people in our nation will foster loyalty and self-sacrifice early.
Deterrence
Standing alone, we rarely benefit from war. Fortunately, we know that the best defence is one so well-known you never have to put it to use.
Volunteer Corps
Forcing our people to die for ideals of freedom would be an exercise in irony, but establishing means for those who wish to aid people abroad is not.
Para militarism
Military principles have applications outside of the military. With the development of semi-militarized units to complement our armed forces, more people will have military training.
Indoctrination
Having established our ideology as based on the truth, it may be taught as truth. Education and media must reflect this lesson.
Foreign Expeditions
With our enemies prepared to intervene in distant conflicts on behalf of their ideals, we must be ready to do the same for ours.
Why We Fight
The world is growing increasingly unsafe. Our people need to see the atrocities being committed by those who crave power. It is time we rally the people to our cause and ensure everyone is ready to fight for our freedom.
Political Commissars
To ensure that our policies are followed in military practice, we will introduce politically appointed officials into military ranks.
Internationalism Focus
Ideology knows no borders. Another nation may call itself sovereign, but our convictions are above such claims.
Nationalism Focus
Our nation is unique, and our political achievements could only have happened here. We must fight for it at any cost.
Ideological Fanaticism
Our politically established values and goals are worth dying for as much as any ancient faith. Any follower should be prepared to face death, and those who stray better be prepared to face death.
£tech_mod American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
£tech_mod American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
£tech_mod American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.
American Technology Sharing
The USA is one of the world leaders, if not the world leader, in research. They have scientists working for them from all over the world. Now that we stand together with them in the fight against evil, we could benefit from this.

Depillarize The Dutch Society
A pillarized society is something we have no need of in these tumultuous times. If we are to strengthen the Dutch state, we must expand equality and remove social barriers.
Go Left
Our nation has been dominated by the bankers and fat-cats for far too long. We must spread the Revolution!
Go Right
The rise of Nazism and Fascism in Germany and Italy have inspired some in our nation to call for the same. Perhaps we should listen.
Dutch Militarism
We once ruled one of the proudest empires in the world. Let us do so again! To arms!
Make Netherlands Great Again
The Belgian revolution of 1830 was merely a setback, it's time to take back what is ours!
Jeugdstorm
Wie de jeugd heeft, heeft de toekomst!\n\n With the foundation of the Jeugdstorm, our youth will be properly equipped for the great future ahead of them.
Colonial Claims
To survive the increasingly-troubled times, we must expand the Dutch Empire, and solidify our holdings in the Far East.
Military Co-operation with Germany
With our conversion to the fascist cause, the Germans have offered to teach us in their ways of fighting, which are far superior to any that we have known thus far.
Establish Propaganda Ministry
A state is only as strong as its propaganda machine. Establishing an official Propaganda Ministry will reinforce the true message of the Dutch state.
For the Motherland
Individual suffering is required for national glory. We will build a new Netherlands on the collective backs of the workers.
Sign Pact with Soviets
Our key threat lies in Nazi Germany. The Soviet Union have offered to improve our armoured technology to compete with the German Panzers. We should seize this opportunity with both hands!
Technology Sharing
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Reinforce the Grebbe line
The defence of our homeland is paramount to the survival of the Dutch nation. Building extensive lines of fortification will provide a corner-stone for our defence.
Urbanize the East
Eastern Holland has forever lagged behind the West in urban development. It is time to re-vitalise the Dutch economy by urbanising the eastern provinces.
Eastern Militarization
The world is sliding increasingly towards war - we require more armaments, and factories to produce them in.
Experimental Weaponry
Ingenious inventions and radical technological breakthroughs have enabled us to pursue more exotic and effective military technologies. We should exploit this for what we can.
Improve Radio Stations
As shown by the British, radio detection and ranging stations are very useful for a nation's defence. Let us create our own Chain Home, so we can defend the Netherlands more effectively.
Establish State University
Battles are won with information. Better information means we win more battles, and better information is provided by superior research facilities.
Found the Nuclear Research Institute
Building on one Albert Einstein's theories of relativity and the radioactive decay of uranium-238, we have discovered that splitting the atom generates huge amounts of energy. We must establish the Nuclear Research Institute to further our understanding of nuclear power.
Expand the Nuclear Research Institute
The Nuclear Research Institute's experiments have borne fruit. With our new understanding of the atom, we can harness the immense power of fission to power reactors... and maybe create weaponry.
Start Rocket Program
Rocketry is a new science with many possibilities. Exploration of these possibilities for a military use may bear fruit.
Exploit the Mines
Dutch factories should not have to rely on foreign materials. By expanding our indigenous ferrous metal production, we will be able to free ourselves from relying on imports.
Surinamese Aluminium
Suriname is an important metallurgical colony of ours, and we have recently discovered deposits of bauxite to produce aluminium from. Expansion of these mines should prove useful.
Further Industrialize Our Capital
There's always room for more development of our glorious capital city and the surrounding areas. By concentrating on developing Amsterdam, we will centralise industrial production, and potentially be better able to defend it.
Urbanize the Colonies
The Dutch East Indies are vast, with an equally huge population. So far we have yet to tap into the population of the East Indies - it's time for that to change.
Prepare the Colonies For War
Further developing the Dutch East Indies will allow the population there to begin manufacturing armaments for the Dutch war effort. They will be safe from the Luftwaffe there.
Colonial Fortresses
The rising threats of Japan and the war in China force us to look to the defence of the Dutch East Indies. We must construct fortifications to defend our colonial holdings from the enemy.
Invest in Shell
Royal Dutch Shell has asked us to invest in oil exploration missions in the East Indies to expand our oil production. Naturally, this will benefit the state.
Stay Neutral
Why die for other's wars? We stayed neutral in the First World War, and it served us well. It will continue to serve us well.
Deterrence
The growing threats of European fascism make it clear that declarations of neutrality are not enough. We must arm ourselves to defend our status.
Polderen
By working together, we can make sure our country can survive in the tumultuous times to come.
Democratic Influence
Our nation is a democratic one, and we should not be swayed by new ideas of nationalism or communism.
Military Expenditure
We must modernize our army, and we need funds to do so.
Lessons from the Great War
By looking at what worked and doesn't work in the last major conflict we should be able to modernize our army doctrines.
Repurpose Vehicles
By repurposing civilian vehicles to be able to fulfil military means we can modernize our cavalry.
Military Research Interest
Recent investments into our military have also expanded our research capacity.
Modern Equipment
While looking at what worked or didn't work in the past is a good start, we must look at more modern wars and take example from them.
Mechanized Infantry Investments
Mechanizing our infantry is an important next step in the new world of mobile warfare.
Memories of the Past
Recent investments into our war effort has made people look at our military history with pride, and young, able-bodied men are flooding to the volunteer centres.
Prototype Weapons
Recent weapon prototypes have proven to be quite successful. We should put these into production to defend our homeland.
Modernize Tanks
Our tanks are old or non-existent, we should research new modern tank types.
Daring Paratroopers
Recent military expenditures and renewed interest in aerial warfare has led the people and military high command to want for a special \"Paratrooper\"-division
Invest in Fokker
Investing in Anthony Fokker's company will improve our ability to wage war in the sky.
Fokker Fighters
Anthony Fokker has come up with 2 plans of development - we should prioritize our fighters!
Fokker Bombers
Anthony Fokker has come up with 2 plans of development - we should prioritize our bombers!
Aerial Ground Support
Researching new airplanes which can support our troops will give our troops an advantage in battle.
Rule over the Sea through the Sky
Rule Holland! Holland rule the air above the waves. By providing our air wings with new naval bombers we can support our navy in their operations against our enemies.
Increase Investment into Fokker
Further investments into Anthony Fokker's efforts will see our ability to wage war in the sky improve substantially.
Interest in Rockets
Recent investments into our air corps have led our country into a sort of rocket \"craze\". We should exploit this.
The States Navy
The Dutch Navy is in a sorry state. It requires expansion and re-armament, and now is the time to do it!
Submarine Operations
We must focus our naval efforts into a force that can starve out our enemies by destroying their transport convoys.
Reinvigorate Naval Prowess of Old
Our navy is sorely lacking, we must make it strong and a force to be reckoned with.
Submarine Improvements
To be able to successfully carry out our new strategies, we must ensure we have the most modern submarines in the world.
Expand the Navy
Battleships and aircraft carriers are the way forward to defend our far-flung empire from external threats.
Dutch Cruisers and Destroyers
Large ships are a waste of valuable resources - why construct them, when we can better defend our sea lanes with smaller and faster-producing ships?
Dutch Marines
To take over islands we need special marine divisions to be most effective during a naval invasion.
Join the Allies
There are two fronts in Europe: those who wish to protect freedom, and those who wish to destroy it. It is time to approach Britain, and abandon neutrality. For the Allies!
Form the Benelux
We should once again create an alliance of the provinces to defend ourselves from external threats. The Benelux Alliance begins now.
Invite Belgium and Luxembourg
We must add the ‘Be’ and ‘Lux’ to ‘BeNeLux’.
Establish Algemeen Nederlands Jeugd Verbond
The Russian Komosomol has proven to be effective in militarizing and indoctrinating their children. We should take note, and form our own communist youth organisation.
Armed Neutrality
To preserve our neutrality in these hostile times, we must show that we won't go down without a fight.
British Ship Designs
The British have given us some old navy blueprints, so that we may make our own modern destroyers.
Show Our Neutrality
By building some coastal forts, we will show the Germans we intend to defend ourselves from any outside threat, not just theirs.
Economic Co-Operation Within the Benelux
We should stand together as a trade bloc
Tungsten in Brabant
Recent mining surveys have revealed that our country situates itself on a large tungsten deposit
Ramp Up Armament Production
We must militarize our factories if we wish to survive in this new world!
Provincial Elections
The new Government of India Act mandates elections in the provinces, establishing some measure of local government responsible to the Indian population. We will see what effect this has on the British rule.
Swaraj
Gandhi’s concept of self-rule - Swaraj - is gaining popularity throughout India. It advocates a total break from British institutions and customs and Swaraj groups are agitating at Indian schools.
Indian National Congress
The Indian National Congress has been very successful in elections across the subcontinent. They are a strong voice for an independent India, or at least one with greater autonomy within the Empire.
Quit India Movement
Gandhi’s campaign for Indian Independence has reached a climax with a call for the British to leave India. It is inconceivable that the Raj can end before the war is over, but the situation on the ground is growing more tense by the day.
All India Forward Bloc
The All India Forward Bloc thinks that British disengagement from India is taking too long. A stronger - even militant - position must be taken.
Seek Help from Soviets
 The Soviet Union pledged their help
The Soviet Union is the natural balance to British Imperial power. They claim they are the engine of revolution, and we should encourage them to export their revolution to India.
Indian People’s Army
The communist supporters start a civil war for freedom. The size depends on party support and autonomy progress. 
[SOV.GetNameDef] will support their cause.
We should organize a military force that will learn from and be allied with the Communist cause.
Research City Excursions
Soviet Research Cities are a wonder, and India’s population is full of energetic and intelligent minds. Sending our young engineers to these cities will help us develop a domestic research and industry base.
Combined Arms Academy
Soviet military training can be made more efficient through the new Combined Arms Academy. We can get up to date on modern warfare, using air, land and sea power.
Rani of Jhansi
Rani of Jhansi was a great hero of the Indian Revolution of 1857. Her example of bravery and national pride is a model for all of the women of India who want to take up arms and form a regiment of their own.
Rebuilding the Nation
With the Imperial oppressor expelled and the Indian population mobilized to action, the time has come to repair the damage of two centuries of occupation.
Seek Help from Germany
 The German Reich pledged their help
Germany has never harmed us the way that Britain has, and the Reich is the most plausible challenge to British power. We should draw closer to the Axis powers.
Indian National Army
The fascist supporters start a civil war for freedom. The size depends on party support and autonomy progress. 
[GER.GetNameDef] will support their cause.
An Indian National Army, distinct from British controlled forces, has been organized. We can build it in regions free from British interference and line up against the Allies, sapping Indian manpower from the Raj.
Battaglione Azad Hindoustan
Italy has formed the Battaglione Azad Hindoustan, a regiment of Indian former POWs. Trained in sabotage, parachuting and infiltration, the BAH could be a big step for national pride.
German Technology
German scientists are the best in the world, and their military machine is based on the best modern engineering techniques. They are willing to share their advances with us.
Japanese Army Air Force Academy
The Japanese Air Force Academy has decided to welcome Indian recruits that wish to fight against European domination in Asia.
Cripps' Mission
We have to keep India loyal to the Allied and British cause, despite the rising nationalist fervour for independence. Sir Stafford Cripps is a skilled negotiator who can assure the nationalist leaders that their demands will be addressed.
Two-Nation Theory
Pakistan will be released when India gains freedom.\n
Though long ruled as a single territory, it makes sense to see India as two nations - one Hindu and one Muslim. Partition of the country may not be the only answer, but any deal for an independent India must face this dual nature of the subcontinent.
Princely State Donations
The Princely States of India have provided the men that have served as the core Indian army under the British for a long time. Further donations from these local rulers underline their support for the Empire.
Imperial Service Troops
The Imperial Service Troops are recruited by the Princes of India and can number in the hundreds of thousands. In these difficult times, it is great to know that His Majesty can rely on the loyalty of the rajas.
RAF Funding
The Royal Air Force of India will be given more funding and assets from the United Kingdom.
Navy Funding
§Y2 Light Cruisers§! will be added to your navy if you already have the technology.\n
The Royal Navy of India will be given more funding and assets from the United Kingdom.
British Army Support
The British Army knows India well after 200 years of occupation. They know the people and the land, and will be able to support the training of Indian soldiers to fight at home.
Red Eagle Division
Gain an elite infantry division in Delhi.\n
The Red Eagle Division will be the first Indian division to be trained to fight overseas, ready to fight in harsh conditions 
Chindits
A §Y4 Skill General§! named §YOrde Wingate§! will appear.\n
India needs a special forces division so we have formed the Chindits to operate behind enemy lines in the jungles of Asia. This is a risky operation and will have high casualty rates, but could be of great service to the war effort.
Jungle Training
Enables §HJungle Training§!\n§HMarines\n    Jungle§!\n      Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+10%§!\n§HMountaineers\n    Jungle§!\n      Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+10%§!\n§HGurkha\n    Jungle§!\n      Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+10%§!\n§HParatroopers\n    Jungle§!\n      Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+10%§!\n
India, Burma and Indochina are covered in jungle and special training is recommended to make our soldiers effective in this dangerous terrain.
Lessons of the Great War
India colonial soldiers participated in the last world war, and the lessons from this conflict should be brought to bear on the training and organization of the army.
Indian-isation of Army
To properly protect India in a total war, the entire population of India should be mobilized. This will mean not just recruiting more widely from the Indian population, but allowing Indian officers to take command at some place in the chain of authority.
Indian Gurkhas
The Gurkhas of the Punjabi and Nepalese highlands are legendary for their military skill. They’ve served the Raj loyally for many years, and excel at all kinds of warfare.
£tech_mod An Indian Sandhurst
India has been demanding a military school of its own ever since the last war, and at long last we created on in 1932. The Indian Military Academy has been turning out Indian officers for a few years now, giving us a core command group.
Lions of the Great War
The Sikhs have a strong military tradition and were highly decorated in the last war. The Lions of the Punjab form a strong regiment on their own, and the region is ripe for further recruitment.
Indian Gentlemen Officers
The gentlemen who have served the Raj through close co-operation with the Imperial authorities are a ready-made supply of commanders, should we need loyal men to lead the new Indian Army.
The Bangalore Torpedo
One of British India’s greatest contributions to the art of war is the Bangalore Torpedo, a series of connected pipes that can be used to destroy obstacles while the engineers are under fire. This device has gained great popularity around the world. 
Vickers-Berthier Gun
The Vickers-Berthier is a little unwieldy but has the virtue of being easy to quickly produce. For a nation like India, this is a very important characteristic in a gun.
Royal Indian Artillery
The Royal Indian Artillery has existed ever since the East India Company formed a battalion of cannon with Indian gunners in 1748. We can draw on these many decades of experience.
Army Motorization
India is too large to be covered efficiently by train and horse. The army should have motorized divisions and regular truck transport.
Revive the Screw Guns
Enables §HMountain Gun§!\n§HArtillery\n    Mountain§!: Movement: §G+15%§!\n§HAnti-Tank\n    Mountain§!: Movement: §G+15%§!
The mountainous terrain of Northern India led to the development of an artillery piece that could be dismantled and carried on muleback to wherever it was needed. These 7 pounders may be a little obsolete, but we shouldn’t ignore its utility.
Indian Armor
India should focus on developing its own homemade armour and tank divisions.
Modernizing Army
For too long the Indian armed forces were little more than a colonial outpost, with few of the benefits and equipment available to the home army in Britain. It is time to modernize what we have in the Raj.
£tech_mod Indian Defence Research
Now that India is fully a sovereign nation we are no longer receiving access to advanced prototypes and blueprints like we previously did. We must ensure that we always stay ahead of our enemies, and do not fall behind in technology.
British Pilot Training
The Royal Air Force has agreed to accept Indian pilots to undertake training. This education will be a great help in the development of our own air wing.
Expand Air Bases
India is very large, so patrolling and protecting its air space means we must increase our air capacity at bases across the subcontinent.
Air Support Effort
Combined Arms warfare is the new way of war, so we have to focus some energy in the training and production of aircraft that can support ground and sea forces.
Fighter Effort
We need fighter aircraft to escort bombers and intercept any enemy planes that threaten our nation.
Royal Indian Air Force
The time has come to take our small air division and expand it into its own branch of the armed forces. A national air force with independent command will be better able to serve the Indian people and the Empire.
The Smiling Buddha
Scientists are close to unlocking the secret of atomic energy - and this will lead to the creation of very powerful explosives. We cannot fall behind in the quest for atomic weapons.
Great Indian Peninsula Railway
Government control of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway in 1925 means that its expansion and improvement fall upon us. A growing population needs better transportation infrastructure.
Industrial Expansion
Hundreds of millions of people call India home - there is no reason this population should not be the foundation of an industrial giant.
Tata Steel
Tata Steel is on its way to becoming the largest steel manufacturer in the Empire. Greater production will further fuel the modernization of India.
Assam Oil
Assam is the centre of Indian oil production, especially the refinery at Digboi. Access to this resource needs to be expanded and exploited.
£tech_mod Indian Institute of Science
The Indian Institute of Science campus on Bangalore is allowing the best and brightest of India’s population to further our advances.
Institute of Fundamental Research
Some of our leading scientists and industrialists are championing a new Institute of Fundamental Research to take advantage of the latest discoveries in physical sciences.
£tech_mod Research Collaboration
The British showed us the advantage of sharing scientific progress between close allies. Our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently if we take the steps necessary to coordinate this.
Expand Mazagon Dock
The Mazagon Dock in Mumbai is our most important shipbuilder on the West Coast. It needs greater capacity in this world crisis.
Found Scindia Shipyard
We need a dockyard on the East Coast of the country, so establishing the Scindia Shipyard in Visakhapatnam makes sense for our naval future.
Royal Indian Navy
The Royal Indian Navy will need to be rapidly expanded. New tactics and new ships should be a priority.
Screening Effort
India plays a crucial role in defending the southern route to the Suez Canal. Screening and escort missions will help vital supplies and soldiers get to the European and African theatres.
Cruiser Effort
Cruisers will be sufficient for now in the development and expansion of Indian naval power.
Submarine Effort
With the rise of Japanese naval surface power in Asia, it might make sense to direct our energies under the sea, striking from submarines.
Capital Ship Effort
As a British outpost, India has seen the power of capital ships in dominating the sea. We should build our own heavy cruisers and battleships.
Modernizing Navy
Better engines, more crew space, faster speed and larger guns. India’s navy will soon stand with the best on the continent.
East India Railways
Government control of the East India Railway leaves all decisions for its expansion and improvement in the hands of our ministers.
Integrate Princely Railways
Some of the Indian princes have financed their own rail systems, but, till now, they have been poorly integrated with the rail lines built by the Raj. Something must be done to tie the nation’s trains together.
Ishapore Arsenal
The Ishapore Arsenal and Rifle Factory has been in operation since the 18th century. It is responsible for many innovations in gun design, and is the centrepiece of our arms production system.
Clamp Down On Corruption
Despite the British industrial efforts to expand India’s rail system, very few of the benefits of the expansion seem to come to India. There is endemic corruption and double dealing in the transportation sector and we must be seen to do something about it.
Strengthen Ties with British Investors
To expand our factories and resources we still heavily rely on British capital. Until we have a vigorous banking sector of our own, we must go on bended knee to London to seek support.
British Rail Investors
Civilian and transportation infrastructure in India needs a heavy cash infusion from British financiers.
British Arms Investors
If we want to quickly get our weapons factories moving, we will need to ask British banks to invest in our military infrastructure.
A §Y4 Skill General§! named §YKodandera Madappa Cariappa§! will appear.\nA §Y3 Skill General§! named §YKodendera Subayya Thimayya§! will appear.\nA §Y3 Skill General§! named §YJayanto Nath Chaudhuri§! will appear.
Gain an elite unit of Gurkhas in Delhi.
Gain an infantry unit in Delhi.
Gain an infantry unit in Delhi.
\nA §Y3 Skill General§! named §YLakshmi Sahgal§! will appear
Naval Production
By focusing resources on our shipyards and exempting skilled shipbuilders from military service, we can dramatically reduce production time for ships.
Armor Production 
We can reorganize our tank industry to eliminate waste and streamline production.
Air Production
We can reorganize our aviation industry to eliminate waste and streamline production.
Construction Engineering
There is still a lot of slack in our construction industry. By focusing our attention on it, we can achieve a significant improvement in construction speed. Unfortunately, the production of machine tools has proven a major bottleneck in the expansion of our heavy industry, so they won't benefit from efforts in this area. 
Army Training
By creating specialized advanced training units within each division, we can deploy divisions that would previously have been held back to finish training to the front.
Resistance Suppression
By infiltrating the major resistance groups in occupied territory and turning their leaders, we can significantly reduce the amount of damage they can do.
Construction Repair
We will form specialized repair teams from factory and construction workers and centrally control their deployment to improve reconstruction of damaged infrastructure.
Technology Sharing
We will encourage our research institutes and universities to reach out to their counter parts in allied countries. This will gain us a tech sharing bonus.
Increase Autonomy
By reorganizing our colonial bureaucracy and recruiting native administrators, we will, in time, be able to take charge of our own affairs.
Suppress Subjects
Our colonial subjects have gotten rather silly ideas about things like \"self-determination\" or \"national independence\". It is time to discourage them of these notions.
Invest in Mass Production
Quantity has a quality all on its own, we should seek to produce as much weapons of war we can instead of bothering about new designs
To the Front!
We should mobilize the nation for war, there is sure to be chaos caused by fear and factories might suffer by workers becoming soldiers, but it will pay off
Ambitious Naval Program
If we put more resources and mobilize some of our land industry to assist the naval industry, we shall be able to boost naval output
Invest in Quality Equipment
We can design our production lines to focus in increasing quality of what we produce to make it really count on the battlefield
Speed Up Production
We can focus on streamlining production and designs to increase total industrial output of equipment, but the lack of quality will negatively impact our forces on the battlefield
Labour Corps
We can mobilize part of our manpower into a labour corps to fulfil infrastructure projects and repairs
Logistics Corps
We can mobilize part of our manpower into a specialized logistics corps to improve supply transportation and management to be sure our troops will never starve.
Invest in Healthcare
We can invest in our Homefront to improve people's healthcare and education through the power of SCIENCE.
Massive Infrastructure Project
We can mobilize a huge portion of our resources, industry and manpower into a massive infrastructure effort badly needed for our nation's needs in theses dire times.
Tradition Ethos
The old ways make us stronger
Reform the Imperial Forces
Reforming our armed forces is essential to protect the Kingdom and serve the King
Monarchic Politics
Palace Intrigues hurt our Kingdom, we should turn the nobles to our side
The Imperial Guard
We should train our soldiers not only in modern warfare but in absolute loyalty for King and Country, they shall fight and die without question


Tools Modernization
The French industrial park is outdated and inefficient. We need to modernize our tools by acquiring modern machines.
Decrease Unemployment
With the last economic crisis, the unemployment rate is still high, and production is low. We can start by encouraging companies to invest and create new jobs.
Overseas Factories
As French Algeria is considered a part of France, we must reinforce our industrial capacity in these overseas department.
£tech_mod National Centre for Scientific Research
To coordinate the activity of our current research laboratories, we must merge these labs into a national centre in order to boost our research capacity.
Buy Heavy Water
Europe is unstable and the initial tests in nuclear science have shown promising results. We should buy Norway's stock of heavy water so that we can continue to develop these new capabilities.
£tech_mod Research Grants
To galvanize our national research production, we could give merit grants to our best scientist teams. Advances in technology can give us the edge where we need it most.
National Office of Agriculture
To stabilize the cereals market, we could create a new office to control its import/export and manage fair prices.

Europe is facing dangerous times. We should focus on improving our lands to the south and in the colonies to ensure that we can always support the mainland.
Vienot Agreement
The French mandate of Syria and Lebanon will not last forever, but the Senate is reluctant to give them independence. We could make some concessions to encourage Syrians and Lebanese to support us.
Develop Morocco
Our protectorate of Morocco needs more funds to increase local production and develop an effective economy.
Develop Tunisia
The Tunisian protectorate shows great potential, we should invest in it to develop the current infrastructure.
Develop Algeria
We should focus our industry in Algiers. Should tensions increase in Europe, we will still have an industrial capacity outside the reach of enemy bombers.
Develop Indochina
If we want to use our Indochinese colony as a main base in the Pacific area, we must first create a larger industrial base so that we can deploy our troops and increase the capacity of our ports.
Technology Sharing
We should share our technological achievements with our allies to better defend ourselves.

Sahara Oil
Oil is the only resource France doesn't have. We could do some prospecting in the Sahara Desert to find this black gold. Also, our own oil production is still very limited, so we should develop our synthetic oil technology like Germany has.
Tungsten Mines
To feed our war machine, we need more tungsten. The Indochinese mines could provide more if we develop them.

Economic Reforms
The French economy is in a precarious situation. We must initiate economic reforms to get rid of the inflation, stabilize the franc, and reduce the national deficit.
§RUnlocked by the event 'Inflation!'.\n§!
French National Railway Company
The nationalization of France's main railway companies will ensure the control of the means of transportation. The new French National Railway Company will be tasked with improving our current infrastructure.
Add maximum §YInfrastructure§! in §YIle de France§!, §YPas de Calais§!, §YChampagne§! and §YAlsace§!
Franc Devaluation
The only efficient way to quickly be rid of inflation is to devalue the currency, multiple times if necessary.
Budget Deficit Law
The national deficit must be reduced by taking drastic measures, like cutting public expenses.
Exchange Rate Stabilization
Exports are falling due to the high value of the franc. We can create a exchange stabilization fund to fight against inflation and capital evasion.
§RUnlocked by the focus 'Support Blum' or by a communist government.\n§!
Bank of France
We have already reformed the Bank of France's status, but to retake control of the economic situation we must nationalize it. 
Force Economic Reforms
We should institute emergency powers to force economical reforms that where unable to be enacted democratically, it will cause discountent but it will pay off
Liberal Economy
In 1938 the Senate gave Daladier the emergency powers that Blum had been denied and the government favored employers over workers in industrial disputes, particularly in companies which had come close to coming under the control of their workers.Under Daladier, economic conditions slightly improved, to a backdrop of growing, increasingly vocal communist and fascist movements
Centralized Bureaucratic Economy
We should swith to a planned economy with long range objectives we intend to meet. We should also replace free trade unions with compulsory state unions that dictate labor policy
Catholic Socialism
Workers have a right to work, to earn a living wage, and to form trade unions, to protect their interests. Workers also have responsibilities, to provide a fair day's work for a fair day's pay to \"fully and faithfully\" perform the work they have agreed to do.
Create de CGOC
The General Committee for the Organization of Commerce (CGOC) was a national program to modernize and professionalize small business.


Rearmament
With each passing day, the threat of German aggression grows. We can't remain passive any longer. We must rearm our country.
Military Complex Nationalization
Our fabrication capacity is still limited. We can nationalize some of our military industries to increase production efficiency.
Available as §YIndustrial Concern§! : §YSMN§! and §YVétra§!.\n
Defence National Funds
We failed to reach our production targets, even after our recent reforms. We need to increase our rearmament budget in order to reduce this deficit.
  - Unlocks the focuses §YFurther Armaments Program§! and §YAlpine Forts§!\n -  Avalaible as §YPolitical Advisors§! : §YFélix Gouin§! and §YPaul Faure§!.
War Material Production Licence
To stimulate the development of the military industries and secure infantry equipment supplies, we can accord some licence to control the production.
Avalaible as §YMaterial Designer§! : §YMAB§!, §YAPX§! and §YDe Dion-Bouton§!.\n  
Aircraft Manufacturer Nationalisation
As the talks to buy American aircraft stagnate, we should nationalize aircraft manufacturers to fix the French productivity deficiencies in this sector.
Partial Mobilization
The Germans are increasingly aggressive, and the world is rapidly plunging into chaos. We should partially mobilize our armed forces, lest we risk absolute disaster.
Enlist Automobile Manufacturers
The automobile manufacturers are the principal producers of high-powered military engine for tanks or motorized pieces. The state needs to cooperate with these companies to mechanize our army.
Avalaible as §YTank Designer§! : §YLorraine-Dietrich§!, §YBerlier§! and §YDelaunay-Belleville§!.\n  
Wartime Organization Act
Before the war breaks, we must define the organization of the nation during wartime.
War Effort Law
To contribute to the war effort, every French citizen must pay additional taxes and duties on goods in order to help finance the war effort.



Social Reforms
The Matignon Agreements are a partial success but considering the current economic and political situation, they can be erased at any time. We must go further in our social reforms and secure these benefits for the French people.
Matignon Agreements Amendment
In this difficult economic situation, the Matignon Agreements are suicidal. We are forced to partially remove some of these benefits, including the 40 hours per week mandate in order to revive the economy.
§RUnlocked by the event 'Matignon Agreements'.\n§!

Support Blum
Blum's reforms aren't as effective as France thought they would be, but he is heading in the right direction. We should give him more power to reform society.
§YDelays the collapse of the Popular Front.\n§!
French Intervention
The democracies need our help. We cannot allow another fascist or communist regime to gain ground. Anyone willing to fight for the cause should be allowed to. 
§RBritain will maybe refuse an alliance.\n§!
Support Daladier
Blum has showed us that he can't lead a country during a crisis. He must resign and leave the office to Edouard Daladier, the leader of the Parti Radical and the number two of the Popular Front.
§YUnlock focuses in the rearmament part of the tree.\n§!
Status Quo
France is the cradle and protector of liberty and should remain so. If we ever wish to achieve unity again, then we must stabilize our democracy before it dwindles.
Little Entente
The Little Entente, an alliance formed after the Great War to prevent aggression from Austria and Hungary to their neighbours, was supported by France, but has now began to fall apart. Instead of securing ties with Britain, we should take initiative to restore and consolidate this faction, starting with its founders in Czechoslovakia.
Go with Britain
With Russia forever changed, only France and Britain remain of the old Triple Entente. If history is doomed to repeat itself, we must ensure that these two nations, bastions of democracy and liberty in Europe, remain Allies.
Popular Front United
With the reforms done, we must now stop fighting amongst ourselves and stay united. The Front will not collapse, and we will fight for France and the \"Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité\"!
§RThe Popular Front will collapse in August 1938 if not united.§!
§RThe Popular Front will collapse in June 1939 if not united.§!
Invite Poland
Germany claims Danzig and former lands in Poland. Bringing them into the Little Entente would guarantee their safety.
£tech_mod Research Treaty
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Benelux Military Accord
Belgium and Luxembourg are easy targets for the Germans. To prevent the Germans from flanking the Maginot line, we must be sure that the Belgian and Luxembourgian militaries coordinate with ours.
Economic Cooperation Agreement
To ensure perfect military cooperation, we must define some economic and logistic agreements.
Preventive Intervention
The Germans has left us with no other choice. They will surely upset the balance of power in Europe and plunge the world into chaos if we do not act now. For the sake of the free world and the future of our children, it is time for war.

Radicalize the Front
The reforms of the Popular Front are not nearly enough to cure our nation's diseases. We must radicalize our politics and allow more communists into the government.
Grands Travaux
A series of social construction programs will come with the new socialization of the country. It will lower unemployment and create public structures.
Ideological Indoctrination
Our politically established values and goals are worth dying for as much as any ancient faith. Any follower should be prepared to face death, and those who stray better be prepared to face death.
Loyal to the Comintern
With enemies everywhere we turn, we need to strengthen our position with some powerful allies. Our ties with the Comintern have grown stronger and it is time to dedicate ourselves fully to their cause.
£tech_mod Scientific Cooperation
The Soviets are an intelligent and resourceful people, but they lack the infrastructure for a serious scientific program. We will work with our allies, sharing knowledge and breakthroughs for mutual benefit.
Franco-Soviet Treaty of Mutual Assistance
A bilateral treaty between our two communist countries will reduce the threat from central Europe. In particular, this pact of mutual assistance will reduce the danger of German aggression.
The Fascist Threat
The Versailles Treaty and economic sanctions haven't stopped Germany, but rather provided fertile soil for an even more sinister movement. Germany must be defeated again and brought under our control, at least for the time being.
Reject Moscow Authority
The Bolsheviks are just another dictatorship and only seek to enhance their own power. We should keep our distance from the Kremlin and forge our own communism.
Collectivization
A collectivization campaign of private industry and resources will help us better supervise the state and stabilize the country.
Strike at the Empire
The true threat to liberty in the world is the capitalist empires built by European superpowers. They must be crushed, and their populations freed, starting with the British Empire.

Far Right Leagues
The far-right leagues are several French far-right movements opposed to parliamentary-ism, which mainly dedicate themselves to military parades, street brawls, demonstrations and riots. To unite France, we could use them to assert our superiority and strength to avoid succumbing to decay.
Front de la Liberté
To oppose the Popular Front, we must form an anti-Marxist alliance with the other right-wing movements. This Front de la Liberté will bring together those who protest against collectivism.
French Popular Party
The French Popular Party denounces parliamentarianism, seeks to limit democracy and remakes French society according to its own authoritarian beliefs. It is vehemently opposed to both Marxism and Liberalism. With the success of the Front de la Liberté, the French Popular Party, which leads the movement, should enter the government.
Demand Wallonia
The Wallonia region in Belgium is mostly occupied by French speakers. They don't feel they are French, but we could use the language argument to take control of this province.
Split Switzerland
The neutral policies and democratic functioning of Switzerland are an insult to our government. We could do a secret deal with Hitler and Mussolini to split this country in three.
Strike the Soviet Union
The threat of the Soviet Union continues to grow despite our objections. We cannot tolerate an aggressive Soviet Union and are left with no other choice than to go to war for a better tomorrow.
La Cagoule Coup
La Cagoule is a fascist-leaning and anti-communist group that uses violence to promote its activities. The clandestine movement is in contact with some officers of the military staff and some industrials finance them. We heard that a coup may occur, as some military officers support the antiparliamentarian movements.
State Reorganization
We need to rethink the role of the state in France. We should abandon all these parliamentarian ideologies and create a strong, unique party.
Claim the Rhineland
The Germany threat increases year by year, we must create a buffer state on the left side of the Rhine.
Dismantle Germany
The Germans have left us with no other choice. For the sake of France and the future of our children, it is time for war.
Convince Spain
Franco and the Spanish nationalists are our natural allies, united by religion, culture and ideology. Together, we will protect the Latins from the German menace.
Action Française
The Action Française supports a restoration of the monarchy and, after the 1905 law on the separation of Church and State, the restoration of Roman Catholicism as the state religion. It's also a rallying point in distinction to the Third Republic of France which is considered corrupt and unworkable by many of its opponents, whom they hope will come to their banner.
Papal Rehabilitation
In 1926, Pope Pius XI condemned Action Française due to the influence of their leader Charles Maurras, an agnostic. With the revival of anti-communism in the Catholic Church, we can request an end to the condemnation.
Latin Union
An alliance based upon common Latin civilization and culture in Europe (Italy, France, Spain, Portugal and Romania) will balance the power between us and Germany. Let's start with Romania, it will allow them to retain stability with our backing.
Restoration
It's the time to end the Republic and give back France to its natural heir, King Henri VII. The new monarchy will unite people behind a strong leader.
Camelots du Roi
The Camelots du Roi are a far-right youth organization of the movement Action Française. The paramilitary group can be used to strengthen our position in French society.

Giraud Plan
In times like these, it is best to strengthen our defences. If there are threats, let them come to us so that we can deal with them on our own land. We have a perfect candidate to lead our army, all we need is your word.
§RUnlocked by the focus 'Defence National Funds'.\n§!
De Gaulle Strategy
We cannot sit idly by as enemies move in on our borders. And we cannot leave our allies to fend for themselves in a war scenario. Prepare our army! Gamelin is the man for the job.
§RUnlocked by the focus 'Defence National Funds'.\n§!
Tanks Modernisation
Battle Tanks are the way forward in military industry. We want to control the battlefield and for this we will need new powerful Tanks!
Further Armament Program
With the new funds for the army, we can produce weapons en masse. We will put a rifle in the hands of everyone.
§RUnlocked by the focus 'Defence National Funds'.\n§!
General Mobilization Order
We need to keep our military on a war footing if we are going to survive the coming struggle. We must mobilize the French people for war.
Army of Africa
The local knowledge of the Army of Africa will ensure our dominance in the colonies and North Africa. We can count on indigenous Arab or Berber volunteers and regiments of French settlers.
Colonial Troops
The Troupes colonials are indigenous troops of West, Central Africa, and other overseas colonies. We can use their equipment to fight in unhospitable lands.
Foreign Legion
The Foreign Legion is the elite branch of the Army of Africa, composed of soldiers of different nationalities and backgrounds. The legionnaires experience and the quality of their training will be our spearhead.
Commandos Marine
The Commandos Marine are the Special Operation Forces of the French Navy. Their help in amphibious warfare and naval reconnaissance will allow us to quickly defeat France enemies.
Blum-Viollette Proposal
The Blum-Viollette proposal suggests that a minority of Algerians obtain full French citizenship, with the plan to widen the benefits to other groups at a later date. We can use of this argument to recruit in the colony, but the French settlers will protest massively.


Naval Construction Program
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Base§!
If we plan to expand our navy, the first step is to improve and expand our naval bases. Our unique ships require constant attention to stay combat ready at all times.
Atlantic Domination
Improving the design of our Battleships would lead to great tactical advantages in the Atlantic. With uncontested range and power, no one will be able to outrun their guns.
Pacific Protection
Naval theorists have directed our attention to our outdated Carriers. They have suggestions on how Carriers can be further utilized if development is pushed in the right direction. Real progress cannot be made without our full support. It will assure our control of the Pacific and help to protect our colonies against Japan.
Darlan Doctrine
Recent progress in ship designs have opened up new options in tactical and strategic manoeuvres. Admiral Darlan has suggested new theories that need proper testing so that we will be prepared when war finally comes.
Mediterranean Special Measures
The Italians are strengthening their navy and want to increase their power in the Mediterranean. If we lose our maritime line of defence, we risk a direct invasion of our homeland. We must make sure our ships are built with the latest technology.
Engine Standardisation
Our submarine and naval bomber parks are old and in desperate need of updating. However, there are too much variants to produce them efficiently and in great numbers. We need to standardize them first.
Shipyard Expansion
With sufficient investment, we can expand our naval shipbuilding capacity, allowing us to stay competitive with our rivals.


Expand our new Air Bases
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
The time has come to expand our Airforce! Plans have already been made to start construction of new Air Bases to support a significant increase in both personnel and aircraft.
Modernization Program
Some revolutionary civilian engineering can be applied to our Fighters to improve their speed, range and max altitude. We need to focus on this if we want to keep up with the advancements made by others.
Buy American Bombers
Air support is an important part of both our defensive and offensive capabilities. However, our current models are too old. If we can by the latest American models, we will stay in the race.
Barrage David
 Inspired by the British discovery, a new model of bistatic radar has been developed by the air force to detect enemy planes. This may prove vital in the coming struggle.
Jet Effort
Air combat is all about mobility. The Jet engine is such a powerful advance that enemy pilots will appear to stand still while we rip them out of the sky.
Interwar Experience
Planes which provide support for our land forces have been a very efficient addition during the interwar Anti-Atlas revolt. These planes now have several suggested improvements and we should add them to our manoeuvres.
Reorganize the Air Force
We have gained enough experience to test new theories in air warfare at a faster pace, but with our current command structure the air force is difficult to manage. We need first to do some reorganization.
G.I.A 601-602
The Soviets have created a new airborne detachment to drop soldiers and equipment. We should create a similar military group.


Popular Front disbanded


Linguistic Military Question
For years the Flemish movement wants to split the army on linguistical bases, arguing that the Flemish soldiers can't understand the orders given in French.
Linguistic Division of the Army 
For years the Flemish movement wants to split the army on linguistical bases, arguing that the Flemish soldiers can't understand the orders given in French. It is now time to implement changes in the army structure to have only French and Flemish speaking divisions.
Depillarize The Belgian Society
The rigidity of our current pillarized society is an obstacle to the revolution and the better future that comes with it.
Choose Rex
Rex is the strongest fascist party in this country, Rex wants to keep the fatherland strong and united, Rex will show how glorious Belgium truly is, Rex will prevail!
The VNV only wants to split the country, they do not want to see that the Walloons are not our enemies but our racial brothers. On the contrary, if we can unite our people behind the unification of the Netherlands we could form Dietsland, the union of all Dutch and Flemish people. This new nation will celebrate our perpetual union after 500 years of separation.
Choose Verdinaso
Support PCB-PKB
Our nation has been dominated by the bankers and fat-cats for far too long. It is now time for the Belgian Communist Party to shine. We must spread the Proletarian Revolution!
Support Rex and Verdinaso
Our country has been ruled for far too long by a class of selfish corrupt politicians and their banker friends. This comportment is only accelerating the moral disintegration of our society, allowing those infamous red dogs to turn our people away from the one, holy, catholic and apostolic Church. It is time for our fatherland to wake up!
Belgian Anti Bolshevik Legions
We need to mobilize our partisans in order to fight the red threat in every endangered county.
Belgian Militarism
Belgium makes history for about two thousand years! We have surprized the great Caesar, we have defeated the French at the Battle of the Golden Spurs and we have defeated the Germans during the Great War. Our heritage is heroic our army must reflect it.
Claim the Old Burgundian Netherlands
The Netherlands were once united... no, not by king Willem van Oranje but by the counts of Flanders, dukes of Brabant and Burgundy reigning from Bruges, Brussels and Dijon. The people of the Netherlands are of one noble race and share a common heritage. Consequently, they must be united under one rule, ours.
Restore the Burgundian Circle
Imperial people, wake up! By those words Léon Degrelle called all Belgians to restore the ambition of the dukes of Burgundy to create a State between France and Germany, inspired by the Burgundian Circle established by the emperor Charles V. Nevertheless, some sceptics began to call him \"Modest I, King of Burgundy\" (Note: those sceptics were like him, soldiers in the Walloon Legion on the Eastern Front).
Proclaim the Thiois Empire
Now that our main objectives are accomplished, we can finally get rid of our old name of Belgium to replace it with a new one which shows more clearly the power of our imperial union. Long live the Thiois Empire!
Verenig Dietsland
A union of Dietsland is now possible. First, we must reunite the borders of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands. Then we could strike at France in order to reverse the infamous war treaties of Sébastien of Vauban and Louis XIV and reunite the XVII provinces. It will work because as the motto says: 'Strength makes Unity'
Proclaim the Dietsche Rijk
Now that our main objectives are accomplished, we can finally get rid of our old name of Belgium to replace it with a new one which shows more clearly the power of our imperial union. Long live the Dietsche Rijk!
Establish Fascist Youth Organizations
In the north and in the south, we may speak different languages, but we are united in our common Germanic origin. This ancient thruth must be taught to the youth because they are the future of our country, our race, and the foundation of the new European order.
Claim Greater Congo Basin
At the Berlin conference the true extend of Congo was restrained by the hypocritical \"great powers\". It’s time to revise those decisions and apply the plan exposed by Stanley: a great Congo, linking both oceans to ensure the triumph of civilisation in the heart of Africa.
Military Cooperation with Germany
With the rise of the national awakening in our country and our ideological closeness with Germany, we could establish a military cooperation with them.
God Protects Free Belgium and its King
'Dieu Protège la Libre Belgique et son Roi' comes from 'Vers l'Avenir' (Towards the future), the rexist hymn. In its name Rex was very royalist and Leopold III itself was not clearly against a strong executive. This 'indecision' leads to the 'royal question', the regency of Prince Charles and the abdication of the King after the war.
Establish Propaganda Ministry
Propaganda is not about indoctrination... it's the best way to guide the people to the right path.
Belgian Communist Brigades
We need to mobilize volunteers to fight the fascists.
Political Reorganization of the Army
Individual suffering is required for national glory. In a country such as Belgium, internationalism must begin internally before being spread to the world.
Sign Pact with the Soviets
Our key threat lies in Nazi Germany. The Soviet Union has offered to improve our armoured technology to compete with the German Panzers. We should seize this opportunity with both hands!
Independent Revolution
This revolution is our revolution! We owe nothing to Stalin and his soviets!
Political Commissars
Communist revolutions risk subversion at every step of the progress to world abundance. To ensure that this progress will not be threatened by its enemies, guardians of the rightful path must fight the agents of the capitalist powers.
Technology Sharing
Pressure the Dutch Government
The Low Countries must be freed from capitalism.
Workers of the Low Countries, Unite!
The Lowlands must be freed from capitalism. To ensure this propaganda must be spread to our neighbours to spread the revolution.
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Technology Sharing
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Strength through Knowledge
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Socialist Scientific Cooperation
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime R&D more efficiently.
Form a Coalition Government
Coalition governments are a tradition in Belgium but to face the threat of fascism, all the democratic parties must be included in a large coalition and petty differences must be put aside.
Centralized Communist Government
Join the Brussels Railways
We can transform our capital into a true modern city by digging tunnels to link the various railway systems into one big network passing through the city, even if it's at the cost of its architectural charm.
Recreate Liège's Forts Belt
The forts of Liège were a key element in the Belgian defence against Germany at the beginning of the Great War. An important building program must begin as soon as possible to make it a key element to deter Germany from attacking. Don't just forget the consider the possibility of a glider assault.
Ligne KW Linie
Brabant is at the heart of our country and here lies our most important cities. Antwerp was a key fortress in the past and Brussels is the centre of our nation. The fortification of both regions will transform them into a bulwark against any enemy invasion. Extending from the village of Koningshooikt to the town of Wavre the line will be equipped with anti-tank ditches, bunkers and Cointet anti-tank traps.
Fortify the French Border
The French are our real enemies and we must be prepared in case of war.
Office des Transports Coloniaux
Founded in 1935 the \"Office des transports coloniaux\" or OTRACO, (\"Bureau of Colonial Transportations\") was in charge of the railway system in the Belgian Congo.
Extend the Rubber Plantations
The tropical climate of Congo makes it optimal for rubber plantations. The use of new varieties and the extension of the plantations would easily increase the production. I am sure the natives would gladly give us a hand on that matter
Begin Congolese Tungsten Mining
Discovered over the years in various region of Congo, the rich ores of the colony just wait for civilisation to pick them to help our economy.
Expand Congolese Tungsten Mines
Discovered over the years in various region of Congo, the rich ores of the colony just wait for civilisation to pick them to help our economy.
Further Expand Tungsten Mines
Discovered over the years in various region of Congo, the rich ores of the colony just wait for civilisation to pick them to help our economy.
Expand colonial opportunities
Renovate the port of Banana to increase our logistical capabilities.
Invest in Colonial Manufacturing
Even if Congo was mainly an exploitation colony, the colonial population and the quantity of minerals are important enough to begin the manufacturing process there before exportation.
Increase Colonial Manufacturing
Even if Congo was mainly an exploitation colony, the colonial population and the quantity of minerals are important enough to begin the manufacturing process there before exportation.
Invest in the 'Sillon Sambre et Meuse'
Wallonia was one of the most industrialized region in Europe since the beginning of the 19th century, the river Meuse and his tributary the Sambre are vital arteries that help to move industrial products through the country and then to the rest of Europe.
Expand the \"Fabrique Nationale\" of Herstal
The \"Fabrique Nationale\" and the \"Fonderie Royale de Canons\", both located in Herstal near Liège, are the most important parts of our military production. If we want to increase the number of guns produced, extensions of those factories are mandatory.
Expand the 'Fonderie Nationale de Canons'
The \"Fabrique Nationale\" and the \"Fonderie Royale de Canons\", both located in Herstal near Liège, are the most important parts of our military production. If we want to increase the number of guns produced, extensions of those factories are mandatory.
Develop Brussels' Industries
With the new railways currently in construction in and around Brussels, the economic potential of the city will be even more attractive to industries and services.
Renovate van de Haven van Antwerp
As one of the main European ports, Antwerp is in a good position to develop an industry focused on exportation.
Antwerp Industriegebied
As one of the main European port, Antwerp is in a good position to develop an industry focused on exportation.
Revise Air Doctrine
In the middle of the 1930's the need of a new air doctrine seemed urgent. The Belgian air force studied French air tactics but mainly bought English licenses after the failures of Belgian prototypes.
Renard's Light Aircrafts
Courageous pilot during the great war, Alfred Renard became one of the most important Belgian plane manufacturer. Historically his military planes were failures due to the crashes of prototypes, but with some fixes those could become the best fighter Belgian fighters.
SABCA's licenced bombers
Because of the Italian limited capacity, they made contracts with the SABCA, \"Société Anonyme Belge de Construction Aéronautique\" (Belgian Anonym Aeronautical Construction Society) to produce Italian planes under licence. In addition, the SABCA also began to produce heavy planes for the French and the Belgians (parts of the Breguet 693) but the invasion stopped the production.
Study Foreign Tactics
Through study and the buying of license, we can identify flaws in our aircrafts and increase their quality.
Support FN prototypes
Ingenious inventions and radical technological breakthroughs have enabled us to pursue more exotic and effective military technologies. For decades the FN is a pioneer in infantry firearms, this tradition must continue to ensure our victory.
Improve Radio Stations
As shown by the British, radio detection and ranging stations are very useful for a nation's defence. Let us create our own Chain Home, so we can defend our country more effectively.
£tech_mod Support Innovations
Battles are won with the help of technologic advantages. Better technologies mean: we win more battles, and better technology is provided by superior research facilities.
Clear New Lands
Renovate the port of Banana to increase our logistical capabilities.
Support Uranium Mining in Katanga
Building on Albert Einstein's theories of relativity and the radioactive decay of uranium-238, we have discovered that splitting the atom generates huge amounts of energy. Not only do we need to investigate the possibility of the chain reaction theory but to do that, we must extract huge quantities of uranium ore. Hopefully our mines of Kolwezi and Shinkolobwe can produce the required quantities.
Exploit and Export Uranium
With our new understanding of the atom and the increasing production of uranium ore, not only can we investigate its potential but also export part of the ore to our main allies in order to ensure the final victory of our coalition over our enemies.
Start Rocket Program
Rocketry is a new science with many possibilities. Exploration of these possibilities for a military use may bear fruit. To ensure the success of this endeavour, we should try to recruit the most competent expert on the subject. Karel Jan Bossart is currently working in the USA, let's hope he will accept to return to his country to become the lead engineer of this fascinating project.
Politique des Mains Libres
We must not provoke Hitler, even if it could be safer to take side with the Allies, it would just increase the chances of a new Schlieffen Plan. That neutral policy was named \"Mains Libres\"/\"Vrij Handen\" (literally: Free Hands)
Deterrence
The growing threats of European fascism makes it clear that declarations of neutrality are not enough. We must arm ourselves to defend our independence.
Political Union Against Fascism
Our nation is a democratic one, and we should not be swayed by new ideas of nationalism or communism.
Begin Rearmament
We must modernize our army and we need funds to do so.
Lessons from WW1
By looking at what worked and did not work in the last major conflict we should be able to modernize our army doctrines.
Light Tank Destroyer Program
We have one of the best AT gun in the world, the FRC 47mm. But it can be flanked by fast vehicles. To counter this threat, we must find a way to move our AT guns quickly. Maybe we could simply put the AT guns on tracked light armoured chassis to create light and mobile tank destroyers. They could take advantage of the accidental relief of the Ardennes in order to use ambush tactics on invading tank columns.
Motorised Support
In order to elaborate a system that would allow the quickest deployment of our troops to the front lines, we must motorize large portions of the support units of our infantry divisions.
£tech_mod Military Research Interest
Recent investments into our military have considerably expanded our research capabilities.
Doctrines of the Present
While looking at what worked or didn't work in the past is a good start, we must look at more modern wars and take example from them.
Mechanized Infantry Investments
Mechanizing our infantry is an important next step in the new world of mobile warfare.
Equipment Modernization
Recent investments into our war effort has made people look at our military history with pride, and young, able-bodied men are flooding to the volunteer centres.
FRC's Artillery Prototypes
In order to ensure a sufficient firepower, better artillery designs must be developed. The FRC, as the sole Belgian gun producer will logically be at the forefront of that program.
Modernize Tanks
Our tanks are old or non-existent, we should research new modern tank types.
Daring Paratroopers
Specialized divisions
Recent military evolutions showed the need for specialized infantry dedicated to certain types of terrains.
Recent military evolutions showed the need for specialized infantry. With the increased importance of the air force in modern military thinking, it may be time for Belgium to have at its disposal its own corps of paratroopers. If in Belgium it rained ropes and halberds in the past, it will now rain soldiers!
Aerial Ground Support
Researching new airplanes which can support our troops will give our troops an advantage in battle.
Rule over the Sea through the Sky
In order to control the sea, air power is a crucial element. Even if others advocate for the superiority of battleships. In recent years multiple theorists have advocated for a strong air power to sink enemy ships.
Increase Investment into Fokker
Further investments into Anthony Fokker's efforts will see our ability to wage war in the sky improve substantially.
Interest in Rockets
Recent investments into our air corps have led our country into a sort of rocket \"craze\". We should exploit this.
Recreate the Belgian Navy
The Belgian Navy is not even the shadow of what it used to be... and that's logic considering that it was disbanded in 1927! While some shipyards will be asked to produce the first Belgian military vessels in decades, converted fishing ships equipped with a few guns of various calibres will be used as soon as possible in order to conduct patrols or lay mines.
Submarine Operations
We must focus our naval efforts into a force that can starve out our enemies by destroying their transport convoys.
Develop the navy
Our navy is sorely lacking, we must make it strong and a force to be reckoned with.
Submarine Improvements
To be able to successfully carry out our new strategies, we must ensure we have the most modern submarines in the world.
Expand the Navy
Battleships and aircraft carriers are the way forward to defend our far-flung empire from external threats.
Focus on Small Ships
Large ships are a waste of valuable resources - why construct them, when we can better defend our sea lanes with smaller and faster-producing ships?
Belgian Marines
To take over islands we need special marine divisions to be most effective during a naval invasion.
Aeronaval Ambition
It's time to take the Belgian Navy into the future! Air cover is mandatory in modern naval operations. The new threat of world conflict means that power must be projected all around the world... and Belgium must be ready to take its share.
Join the Allies
There are two fronts in Europe: those who wish to protect freedom, and those who wish to destroy it. It is time to approach Britain, and abandon neutrality. For the Allies!
Form the Benelux
Instead of staying neutral or join the French and the British, a path which would surely drag us in a war against Germany, we should cooperate with our closest neighbours. This is why after the implementation of the Benelux Customs Union; a common defence plan must be set up in order to guarantee the independence of our three lions against both the eagle and the rooster.
Invite the Netherlands and Luxembourg
We must add the Ne and Lux to truly form the Benelux.
Bilingual Revolutionary Youth Movement
Internationalism sometimes begin in your own country. To ensure that all future Belgian workers understand each other we must make bilingualism compulsory, even if that may shock a part of the French-speaking population.
Armed Neutrality
To preserve our neutrality in these hostile times, we must show that we won't go down without a fight.
British Ship Designs
The British have given us some navy blueprints, so that we can increase our ship production and more efficiently protect our naval territory.
Show Our Neutrality
By building some coastal forts, we will show the Germans we intend to defend ourselves from any outside threat, not just theirs.
Pillarised Society
Pillarisation is one of the most important factor of politics in Belgian politics. It is characterized as a separation of society into \"political bubbles\" as each important political party has its own mutual fund, syndicate and other organizations. This system, consequently tended to solidify votes from elections to elections and encourages the return of identical political coalitions.
Polderen
While Pillarisation still has its grip on Dutch politics, we have lessened its influence by working together as one
Union Agreements
Recent Union talks have led to a satisfactory outcome
Reserve Mobilization
Reinvigorated by stories of our heroic resistance in the Great War against the Germans, we can unite a new generation in the army.
Communist Police
These special police unit’s counters dissent amongst our newly acquired citizens and make our troops more willing to fight, for the Motherland!
Aerial Interest
Our new paratrooper corps and renewed investments in the Fokkers company, we have created a public interest in aerial developments
Armed Neutrality
Union Against Fascism
Defence of freedom
Voor Vorst, voor Vrijheid en voor Recht - Pour le Roi, la Loi, la Liberté!
While our country has declared itself neutral, a standing army is paramount to protecting that neutrality
British Ship Designs
The Brits have given us some of their blueprints, so we can more effectively produce destroyers
Antwerp’s Raffinage Mogelijkheden
Antwerp is already an important port for the chemical sector. With the threat growing every day on international trade, we should repurpose a part of those facilities to transform our beloved condruzian coal into oil.
Form the 'Territorial Anti-Air Guard'
The 'Territorial Anti-Air Guard' (Garde Territoriale Antiaérienne, Territoriale Wacht voor Luchtafweer) was founded 1937 by the defence minister Denis in order to protect strategic areas from the threat of air attacks. Independent from the army, it had a budget of one billion of franks. As the F.R.C had problems with the production of AA guns, it was equipped with 40 mm Bofors and 75 and 94 mm Vickers AA guns.
Create the Belgian Navy in Exile
Belgium may have fallen but the war is not yet lost. We must recreate a navy to continue the fight and prepare liberation of the country.
Force Publique's Air Wings
Belgium may be under foreign occupation but the war continues. As the battle for Belgium showed us, air power is essential in this war and we won't miss future developments.
Wartime Political Union
Due to the war, a new coalition government was established to unite the democratic parties against the foreign threat.
National Union Government
Our government currently unite all of the democratic parties in a large coalition, reducing political disputes.
Katanga Uranium
Belgian Volunteers


Great Leap Forward
The Great Leap Forward (Chinese: 大跃进; pinyin: Dà yuè jìn) of the People's Republic of China (PRC) was an economic and social campaign by the Communist Party of China (CPC) from 1958 to 1961. The campaign was led by Mao Zedong and aimed to rapidly transform the country from an agrarian economy into a socialist society through rapid industrialization and collectivization. However, it is widely considered to have caused the Great Chinese Famine.
Expand Factories
More factories producing civilian goods will ease the economic burden on our country.
Infantry Equipment
Most of our army is composed of infantry, so it is of outmost importance to make sure that they have the best gear available.
Minimal Training
We have a large population, but a shortage of time. Some training routines may be overlooked in favour of getting more men out to the frontlines faster.
New Tactics
Times change, and so should our army. As we expand our borders and face new enemies it might be worth considering alternative tactics to employ on the battlefield.
Backstab Nationalists
The Kuomintang were fools to trust us. They are occupied by the war, now is our time to strike and claim China for the revolution.
Mend Relations
This Alliance has proved that diplomacy is possible. Perhaps the civil war can be ended without bloodshed?
Yangtze Partition
Continuing this civil war will just cause more good men to die. If the Kuomintang allows us control north of the Yangtze river, we will be prepared to end all hostilities.
Reignite the Revolution
The People's Republic of China has faced some setbacks in the past, but it is time to raise morale once more and continue our revolution against capitalism!
Stage Uprisings
The Kuomintang is corrupt and incompetent. We can use this to rally the people of China against their oppressors. We can begin by organizing uprisings across the country wherever people sympathise with our cause.
Recover from The Long March
The Long March will without doubt never be forgotten, but time heals wounds and our manpower has slowly recovered. Let us finish rehabilitating our army!
Soviet Aid
The Soviets have interest in our ideological zeal. They are now offering us aid in various forms to help us liberate China.
Fan the Flames
More and more people under Kuomintang rule dare speak out against their tyrants. We must continue fanning the flames of revolution to give the people hope.
Western Expansion
It is time for another warlord to fall for our cause to spread. Xibei San Ma must be liberated.
Approach the front
It is time for another warlord to fall for our cause to spread. We must take Shanxi to prepare a defence against the Japanese.
Unite China
This war has been going on for too long. We are ready to fight the Kuomintang with all of our might and unite China once and for all.
Repel the Imperialists
The western imperialists shall not humiliate China any longer. We shall take the ports of Hong Kong, Macau and Guangzhou back, ending European influence over China.
Reclaim Manchuria & Taiwan
The Japanese have unlawfully stolen Chinese territory. We shall show them our true power. We will take back what is rightfully ours and force our enemies to bow before the fury of China.
Befriend Tibet
We should seek to expand our influence beyond our borders. Let us turn Tibet into an ally and support our communist brothers there.
Take Tibet
The revolution does not stop at China. There are still workers all over the world that must lose their chains. Let us begin by liberating Tibet.
Invest in the Private Sector
A good economy is nothing to scoff at. Whatever path we choose to walk, we will need a strong private sector to help us build the future we want.
Urbanization
Industrialization leads to urbanization. As more and more people come to work in our factories, we will need better a better infrastructure to support our industry.
Expand Peking University
Peking University is a world-class institution. We should give it more funding, as well as provide scholarships to talented youths, in order to produce a generation of skilled scientists and leaders.
Reinforce Mengkukuo border
If Japan attacks us, they will no doubt waltz right through their puppet Mengkukuo. We should plan ahead and construct forts along the border.
German Advisors
German experts are helping to bring our country up to date militarily. Experienced advisors can help us draft new battle plans and broaden our knowledge.
Eastern Defence
The Japanese are no doubt preparing to attack us. We should focus on raising more defensive structures to avoid being caught off-guard in the event of a war.
Democratic Support
By relaxing some laws and legislating further protection of human rights we could potentially make some powerful allies out of our neighbours and find friends abroad.
Nationalist Support
The Finnish people are rightfully a proud one. We need to establish our superiority in Europe and ally ourselves with nations that share our nationalistic vision.
Communist Support
The ban on communism was clearly a knee-jerk reaction after the Winter War. We need to rethink on stance on the revolution, for helping the proletariat seize the means of production will strengthen our nation and could possibly turn our old enemies into our most powerful friends.
Liberal Unity
Our people believe in us, especially now that elections are becoming truly democratic. They can believe in a government that chosen by them, and not forced upon them.
Re-establish the Jiangnan Arsenal
The Jiangnan Arsenal provided the Qing Dynasty with up to date equipment. We should borrow the name for a military industrial complex which can serve as a nucleus for our growing arms industry.
Join the Allies
The Allies are the defenders of democracy and human rights in a world where communist and nationalist dictatorship are rising up left and right. We ought to join them and secure our position as a bastion of democracy before someone threatens us.
Spread the Revolution
With the recent political changes, we are seeing increasing support for a more aggressive approach to our cause.
Stronger Together
The civil war has divided the Chinese people, but these dire times force us to put our differences aside and fight united as brothers against a common foe.
Joint Research
Our strained alliance has allowed great minds from both sides to collaborate and share ideas, for a mutual benefit.
Expand the White Guard
In the Winter War the White Guard was responsible for the carrying out of the mobilisation. A quarter of the manpower of the field army consisted of Guard members. This contribution proved important, as Guard members were the best trained and equipped personnel in an army which lacked even basic supplies.
Civilian Field Kitchens
Finland experienced a large deficit in the supply of tents, stoves and other equipment, but many deaths were avoided thanks to civilian volunteers who set up kitchens and provided food for the troops in the field.
Ski Infantry
Ski troops played a key role in the successes of the Finnish war effort against the Soviet Union during the Winter War in 1939. Forested, rural terrain with no roads was used by Finnish ski troops with great success against the advancing mechanized Soviet troops.
Dare to Die Corps
During the Xinhai Revolution and the Warlord Era of the Republic of China (1912–1949), \"Dare to Die Corps\" were frequently used by Chinese armies. China deployed these suicide units against the Japanese during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
Wolf Divisions
As our army grows in both size and power, we should start focusing on using more aggressive tactics. Our troops are no longer merely a force for defence.
Legalize Communism
Support grows for socialist reforms, and we can no longer enforce our ban on communism without appearing tyrannical. It is time we legalize leftist parties and allow the politics of our country to progress naturally.
Kommunistinen Nuorisoliitto
Kommunistinen Nuorisoliitto, or Communist Youth League in English, was the youth wing of the Finnish SKP. The organization's main goal was to increase support for communism amongst the young to ensure popular support for leftist parties.
Forced Conscription
As China is targeted by countless internal threats as well as enemies abroad, our current army might not suffice. We must start conscripting every able-bodied man to fight for our cause or risk defeat.
Revive Self-Strengthening
The Self-Strengthening Movement, c. 1861 – 1895, was a period of institutional reforms initiated in China during the late Qing dynasty following a series of military defeats and concessions to foreign powers. To avoid future defeats, we should reignite the movement and carry out further reforms to prevent our military tactics from turning obsolete.
Communist Ties
The Soviet Union's goals fall in line with ours. They have helped us on numerous occasions now and it is only logical to make our friendship official.
Annex Sinkiang
Sinkiang has long been somewhat of a Soviet Puppet, but now that the Soviet's trust us, we can arrange a deal to incorporate the territory and reunite with our brethren.
Revisionism
The Soviet Union believes to be following a noble cause, but the Stalinist ideology of the Russians has blinded them. We shall continue our revolution independently according to our own understandings.
Take Sinkiang
The Soviet Union has refused to co-operate with us in the matter of Sinkiang, leaving us no choice but to take the land by force.
German Backing
The powerful German Reich is willing to aid us against the power hungry Comintern in the east and the foolish western democracies who would condemn our pride. Support for the axis is mixed in our country, but the majority agree that we cannot afford to reject such a powerful ally.
Independent Revolution
Our glorious revolution can succeed without the aid of the corrupt Comintern. We will be best of creating a true communist state according to our own principles.
Propaganda Machine
Inspiring posters, speeches and recruitment campaigns have given us significant influence in China. More defect to our cause than ever before, and victory for the revolution seems to be drawing closer.
The Lotta Svärd
During the Winter War some 100,000 men whose jobs were taken over by 'Lottas' were freed for military service. The Lottas worked in hospitals, at air-raid warning posts and other auxiliary tasks in conjunction with the armed forces. The Lottas, however, were officially unarmed. The only exception was a voluntary anti-aircraft battery in Helsinki, composed of Lotta Svärd members.
Pacifist Sentiment
Our people are united in the belief for world peace. They also understand that sometimes alliances must be made, if merely to act as a deterrent against those who would otherwise threaten the peace.
Deterrence
Sadly, not all share our vision for peace. Therefore, we should invest in our defences, that way we will not appear as an easy target to warmongering expansionists.
Military Necessity
The Chinese know how valuable an innovative mind can be during times of war. We need to encourage scientists to continue their efforts and keep coming up with new breakthroughs if we are to secure our future both short- and long-term.
Secret Weapons
Who knows what some nations have up their sleeves? Countless inventions are kept secret for a long time, as the element of surprise can be the most valuable asset in war.
Cautious Politics
If we are to come out of the brewing storm with minimal losses, we would do best not to choose sides. There is no reason to paint a target on our own backs.
Limited Motorization
The Chinese industry, or lack thereof, meant that China couldn't afford to effectively mass-produce vehicles during the war.
Artillery support
We could make our troops much more effective with supporting artillery. Why spill our own men's blood when we can spill that of our enemies?
Study German Vehicles
Most of our vehicles are outdated. We would do best to study proven imported vehicles instead of continuing the production of our current models.
Import Tanks
We can dramatically speed up our research and deployment of new tanks by importing larger quantities of them. That way we could have battalions using the newer models before we completely backwards-engineer them.
Continued Armor Research
With the help of foreign intel and our own brilliant minds, we could soon start deploying even better armoured units to crush our enemies.
Aviation Effort
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Nowhere is technological advances more rapid than in aerial warfare. Aviation is a field any modern nation must master.
Aviation Effort II
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force well with other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
Rocket Effort
Rocket and jet engines allow for unprecedented speeds for unmanned and manned vessels alike. Pioneering these technologies will allow us to take the enemy by surprise.
Naval Effort
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Dockyards§!
The expansion of our navy should be our priority. Assign all available resources to new Dockyards and research into light surface ships.
Flexible Navy
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Large Navy
Adapting our naval doctrines to accommodate large ships and ensuring the safety of our trade convoys will teach us much about what sort of ships we need.
Submarine Effort
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Cruiser Effort
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, the smaller cruisers are in need of replacement.
Destroyer Effort
Studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we have also learned how to counter those strategies. Destroyers will be crucial for this.
Capital Ship Effort
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. Battleships and carriers represent the old and the new in naval superiority.
Further Artillery Support
Artillery support has proven invaluable to our armies. It should be a top priority to continue improvement and deployment of new technologies to save more of our countrymen's lives.
Fortress Hainan
By fortifying the island we can turn it into a formidable naval base. The expansion of naval dockyards will also provide us with the means to establish and maintain superiority.
Marines and Landing Craft
Wars are not won by naval power alone; we must also be able to transport our armies across the waves and put them ashore safely...
Paratroopers and Air Bases
Wars are not won by planes alone; we must also be able to transport our armies across the skies and put them behind enemy lines safely...
Communist Heartland
 
People's Liberation Army
 
Form People's Republic of China
 
Establishing the PLA Navy
 
Establishing the PLA Air Force
 
Add forts along the Menjiang border.
Irish Expeditionary Force
Authorise Commando Raid

TEST
TEST
Armées Africaines de Vichy
Vichy Milices
Political Effort
We Should Choose our Political Status.
Fascist Propaganda
Fascism is the only way for Vichy France.
Go Against Government
What government does is not acceptable.
Become a German Puppet
Ask Germany to become a German puppet.
Eastern Front Volunteers
Send volunteers to eastern front.
Establish the African Army
Establish the African Army
Ask Independence to Germany
War ended so Germany should grant us independence.
Communist Focus
Only communism can save us.
Democratic Ways
Maybe democracy can save us in this situation.
Secret Alliance with Free France
We can defeat Germany with Free France
Establish the 4th Republic
Liberté, égalité, fraternité.
Ask to Join Allies
Ask to Join Allies.
War with Free France
We should clear this illegal French government.
Ask For Help From Allies
Ask For Help From Allies.
Attack to Germany
We must get our land back from the Germans
Democracy on Our Own
We need to bring back our democratic roots.
Support the Rebels
We can support the communist rebels to get power in government.
Soviet Influence
Soviet help can get communism in power.
Neutral Policy
Neutrality can save us from war if we try to stay neutral.
French State
We need to rule with iron fist.
Control Economy
Controlling Economy will help us in this situation.
Force Economic Reforms
Forcing the reforms will help our economy.
Negotiate the War Payments with Germany
War Payments are killing our economy. We should get rid of this.
Isolation
Should we persue an isolated economy to protect our interests.
Become More Neutral
We should look to re-align ourselves as a more beutral state.
Turn Colonies to Puppets
We should aim to make our oversees colonies, puppets to be able to control them without an administartive overhead.
Focus on Defence
Defensive act for our government can help us in war.
Get Close to Germany
German friendship can perhaps lead to something?
Demand Elections
We should have elections.
Ask to Join Axis
It looks like the Axis is going to win the war. If we align with them maybe we will inherit something interesting?.
Ask Germany to End War Payments
Our war payments are killing our economy. We should do something about this.
German Industrial Help
Can the Germans help our industrial efforts?
Ask for Western France Back
War ended so We should get our land back.
Lean Towards Germany
Germany can help us to become a France.
Mouvement Social Révolutionnaire
We should deny all German pressure and became independent via revolution.
Deloncle Ideas
Eugène Deloncle has ways that can save us.
Intelligence Services
Opening an Intelligence Service for our nation will put our government to front in diplomatic actions.
SS of Vichy
An armed force like SS can help us on wars
Organise Militias
We don’t have a proper army so getting militias together will make a force for our nation.
Internationalism Focus
Ideology knows no borders. Another nation may call itself sovereign, but our convictions are above such claims.
Political Correctness
People holding mildly controversial or otherwise embarrassing opinions appear to be concerned that there is a wide-reaching conspiracy against them. This seems like an excellent idea.
Indoctrination
Having established our ideology as based on the truth, it may be taught as truth. Education and media must reflect this lesson.
Political Commissars
To ensure that our policies are followed in military practice, we will introduce politically appointed officials into military ranks.
Ask to Join Comintern
Ask to Join Comintern.
Civil War
We need to unite and do a revolution for this nation.
£tech_mod Research Treaty
We should enter into a research treaty.
The Fascist Threat
We must get our land back from the Germans
Strike at the Empire
The true threat to liberty in the world is the capitalist empires built by European superpowers. They must be crushed, and their populations freed, starting with the British Empire.
£tech_mod Research Committee
We should found a research committee
Milice Française
We should Create Milice Française with German aid for suppressing revolts.
Ask to Arm
Ask Germany for armaments.
Armistice Corps
We should ask for a Corps to aid the armistice.
Equipment Effort
The limits for what equipment can be carried by infantry are constantly being pushed. We will focus on giving our troops the best tools available.
Motorization Effort
Mobility and protection are crucial to get infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these developments will allow us to take action quickly.
Armor Effort
Applying what we have learned from mechanizing our infantry, we can improve our armoured vehicles as well.
Special Forces
We have need of elite forces; mountain troops and paratroopers should be our priority.
Vichy Airforce
We should create the Vichy France air force.
Fighter Focus
We have not seen that last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Bomber Focus
When people of the future speak of the horror to today's wars, fire raining from the skies will prominently feature. We will do our best to ensure those stories are told by our enemies.
Aviation Effort II
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force well with other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
NAV Effort
Just as the new naval warfare takes place in part beneath the water's surface, part of it takes place in the air above the waters.
Recover the Naval Personnel
We lost nearly all of our experienced naval personnel in British naval attacks to end our navy. We must recruit new ones to fill that space.
Naval Effort
The expansion of our navy should be our first priority. Assign all available resources to new Dockyards and research into various surface ships.
Flexible Navy
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Large Navy
Adapting our naval doctrines to accommodate large ships and ensuring the safety of our trade convoys will teach us much about what sort of ships we need.
Submarine Effort
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Cruiser Effort
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, the smaller cruisers need replacement.
Destroyer Effort
Studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we have also learned how to counter those strategies. Destroyers will be crucial for this.
Capital Ship Effort
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. Battleships and carriers represent the old and the new in naval superiority.
Available as §YChief of Army§!:\n
Available as §YChief of Navy§!:\n
Available as §YChief of Airforce§!:\n
Available as §YMilitary High Command§!:\n
Available as §YTheorist§!:\n
Available as §YDesign Company§!:\n
Available as §YTank Designer§!:\n
Available as §YNaval Designer§!:\n
Available as §YIndustrial Concern§!:\n
Available as §YElectrical Concern§!:\n
Available as §YDomestic Minister§!:\n
Available as §YInterior Minister§!:\n
Available as §YPropaganda Minister§!:\n

Available as §YChief of Army§! and assigned if the slot is empty:\n
Available as §YChief of Navy§! and assigned if the slot is empty:\n

Military factories will now be automatically transferred past the Urals if the state is captured by Axis forces. The Relocation of a factory takes up to 30 days.
Army Effort
WIP Spanish Battles won :
Develop Egypt
Anglo - Soviet Invasion of Persia
The Anglo - Soviet Invasion of Persia took place from the 25th of August 1941 until the 17th of September 1941. The Allies and the Soviet Union cooperated against the Persian army to secure the persian oil fields and to establish a safe and reliable supply routes between the Allies and the Soviet Union.
Arabian Development
Although rich in oil the lands of Arabia are ill suited for any form of conflict, many of the local economies are in dire straits and would do well with some British investments
Expand Mule Tracks in Bhutan
Building an effective road network in Bhutan is beyond our current capabilities, however we can expand the mule tracks to increase access

Seek support from the Armed Forces
The Military are a force that can not be ignored, it is worth us strengthening support with key individuals
Build an Oil Refinery

Build a Rubber Refinery

Build a Steel Mill

£tech_mod Support Colonial Research

Wonders of the RAJ

£tech_mod Industrial Research

Jungle Training
Jungle Training
£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
£tech_mod Commonwealth Science

£tech_mod Invite Foreign Scientists

£tech_mod Encourage Local Scientists

£tech_mod Military Science
With our lastest advances in armor and air we can use what we have learned for future gains
£tech_mod New Sciences

£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
The Rebels have been defeated
£tech_mod Declare Safehaven

£tech_mod Restore Scientific community

£tech_mod Learn from British Scientists

£tech_mod Fund Science with Oil

£tech_mod Fund Science with Oil

£tech_mod Fund Science with Oil

£tech_mod Fund Science with Oil

Electrified Laboratories
The New electrical grids will allow our scientists to make further breakthroughs
£tech_mod Innovate or Perish

£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
Fund the Romanian Academy of Science

Expand Camarilla Powers

National Rennaisance Front
Here's an opportunity to create true unity in the governemnt. Bringing together the factionalized parties under one banner, might be what we need to point the whole of the state in one direction.
Leave it to the Camarilla
With a nation to reshape to the King's vision, a close innner circle of confidants and bureaucrats is needed. The day-to-day running of the state can be left to these trusted men, while his highness tends ot the big picture.
Align the King
The Legion has made great strides to get into the government. Now, onto the next phase, the king. His highness must see the error of his hedonistic ways, either convice him, or control him.
§YWill Unlock decisions to control Carol's corruption§!
The King's Legion
Truly, the king now favors us. With his backing, we can become first among parties in the government.
Cement Their Office
Truly, the king now favors us. With his backing, we can become first among parties in the government.
Arms Industry Contracts
With this world increasingly in arms, we must have the industrial capacity to supply our armies.
Stop the Looters
The foreign interests must be expelled from our nation. They take our resources, smother our entrepreneurs with their own output, exploit our workers, and ship our produce off to their own lands. Enough!
Remove National Spirit §YForeign Industry§!
School of Heroes
The original mission of th eLEgion was never to be a 'party', but a school to create the ideal Romanian man. He will have a love of Romania in his heart, and go forth to do great deeds.
An End to Politiking

Court the Banned Parties
The old factionalism has yet to be squashed. We'll need to look into their disparate political positions to find common ground.
Corporate Guilds
The king's national vision calls for the various industries to federate into guild structures, streamlining the economy into more manageable blocs that will report ot the king.
Back Legion-run Businesses
We now have the resources to get our message into the public sphere in ever greater capacity. Funneling governemnt funds into businesses owned by our collaborators will allow them to spead their operations.
Some of Everything

King of not Only Romanians
The Hungarian minoritiy in Transylvania have been a pain point of relations with Hungary for a long time. If we affirm the rights of the Hungarians under ROmanian jurisdiction, it could be a peaceful reach out to Hungary.
Royal Philanthropy
The king's role in the rebirth of the Romanian nation must be indisputable. The greatest of ventures and projects must have Carol's name attached, stamped with cash.
Royal Foundation
We will expand our philanthropy into civilian ventures
Nationalist Government

National Christian Socialism

Mausoleum of Marasesti
The Mausoleum of Mărăsesti will be unveiled as the penultimate monument to the Romanian Army. Those who came before, to secure the independence of a Romanian state, and build the Greater Romanian Sea, must not be forgotten.
Work and Good Will
Work and Good Will shall by a state-run leisure program. The King's vision of an eternal Greater Romania requires a contented people with guaranteed recreational services.
Hungarian Nationalists
Hungarian Nationalists
Guarantee Business Investments
While the legion is distrustful of materialistic capitalism, the entrepreneurs who foster Romanain industry should be backed in resisting the foreign influencers.
Captain-Minister
The Legionary Movement may be some useful agents in supporing the reformation of Romania. Appointing their Captain to a ministerial role, will gain their trust and grant us influence over the organization.
Increase Exports


Back the Spanish Nationalists

Militarize Blood Brotherhoods
The Blood Brotherhoods started out as shooting clubs, but with proper backing, we could turn them into training schools for our men to loearn valuable shooting skills.
Humble the Officer's Corps
Their arrogance and focus on medals and trappings over leadership must be... rectified.
Combat Army Corruption
The officer corps has been a massive drain on the military budget. Their salaries alone consume fully half the army's funding. This is utterly unacceptable.
£tech_mod Superior School of War
To transition our armies to the modern era, the officers who will lead them must be versed in the latest of military theory and tactics. We will promote our presigious military universities.
Echipa Mortii
Death Squads, not eager to kill, but willing to die for the cause. They will be the Legion's enforcers.
Punish the Traitors
Our contorl must be undeniable. The enemies who atacked us and offended us must be punished. We demand satisfaction!
Legionary Uprising

Modern King

Work, Honor, Discipline
Three tenants of legionary life. Self-interested motivations must be purged form the Legionary psyche, and one must give himself wholly to the cause.
Integrate Work Camps into Factories
The working camps have been run for socializing, building the legionary physique, and cultivating an industrious work ethic for our members. To improve industrial output, these skilled and motivated workers can be hired into the factories.
Large Scale Public Works
Developing our domestic industries shall be of high priority to improve our people's standard of living.
Abolish the Senate, Restructure the House
The senate is a vestige of the corrupt old ways. There will be one, people's House, which will elect ministers.
Rural Learning Centers
The old elites have separated themselves from the countryside. Produce and labor go to the cities, but the people see nothing of their work. We will bring the knowledge of our great cities to the country folk. Knowledge of the laws, the latest of innovations, the wealth of urban, Romanian genius.
Awaken Business Nests
Social groups of Legionaries have fostered nests in many major businesses across the country. Send the signal, for these groups to advocate for the workers to band together. Let the elite know that we are everywhere!
Officialize Legionary Workers' Corps
It is not enough to merely infiltrate industries with our members, we must make our message loud and clear. The worker is the mover of the engine of economy. And these men must have the institutions to back them.
£tech_mod Court the National Corporatist League
The National-Corporatists seek to consolidate the economy into blocs of business groups. Agriculture, heavy industry, finance, and more. This unifying of the economy will make it more manageable to direct our development.
Path to an Eternal Romania

Rural Outreach
The common peasantry have been largely forgoten by Romania's political elite. We will make greater efforts to remind them of the needs of their constituents.
Recruit Student Groups
The budding minds of our nation should not merely be in walled classes, but set to work building in the field for... experience.
The King's Guard
Cooperation between the Legion and Crown Council have never been smoother. With His Highness's backing, the Legion will be made the King's own party.
Legacy of Ferdinand
The time of hedonism and excessive displays of grandure are behind the king. Now is the time to make his name, to claim the legacy of his father, 'Father of Workers, King of Peasants'
The Fascist King

Affirm Capitanul

Corporate State

Rehabilitation of Parliament

Ten Year Modernization Plan

Oppose Royal Dictatorship

It is Done, Your Majesty!
The Parliament is maleable to the King's influence. By leveraging monarchist loyalists in the National Liberal Party, we can get some specific policies passed.
Organize New Elections

Economic Centralization
The etatist model has become very popular in developing nations to guide the industralization of economies. The PNL wishes to expand governemnt involvement in the economy, to spur investment and expansion.
Expand CFR Railways
CFR has been a major rail providor for an age. Increased investment in our rail infrastructure will better connect Greater Romaina
Repress Minority Movements
Like the 1907 peasant revolt, discontent among the peasantry must be checked. The Hungarian minorities, especially, are a pain point in relations with our western neighbor. Let's not give them any ideas to stab at our borders.
Economic Protectionism
To spur domestic production, foreignbusinesses musn't be able to flood our markets with their own produce. Higher tariffs will incentivise domestic industrialization to meet demands.
Land Reform

Support National Liberal Party
The National Liberals are a safe bet for maintaining the status quo.
Form Constitutional Front

Support National Peasants' Party
The king will throw his lot in with the National Peasants' Party. To secure his popul;arity, showing the masses that the crown cares is of utmost importance.
Support Peasant Guards
Rural police are an important part of PR with the peasantry. We will  not leave them vulnerable to be breyed on by radical elements.
Rural Security

Resurgence of Poporanism
The peasant economy, the workers' economy, is the basis of our ideology. We will prioritize the benefit of the ROmanian small-man, over the interests of the powerful and distant.
Class Collaborationism
revolution is not the aim, but a synergy between the rich and working interests. Worker and employer must speak, not dictate demands.
Farm Cooperatives
The old organization of distant landowner and tenant farmer must be done away with. What is more liberating than the farmer who controls his own land, and machines with which he produces?
Rural Development

Natural Disaster

Universal Suffrage

Through Ourselves Alone
We will build a national economy to serve the interests of Romanian society.
Open Door Policy
The world economy is a resource to be exploited. Ideas, machines, and intellect from a hundred nations could be harnessed to the development of the Romanian nation.
Ownership by Use
It is wasteful, when a business goes bust, for capital to rot, inactive. Capital must flow freely to keep innovation and job numbers high.
Expand Farm Credit
The humble farmer is the foundation of any nation. This class of worker must be protected and supported by those who gain so much from them.
Regional Developmentalism
The romanian nation is not perfectly uniform. Region by region, people live differenly to different needs. we must take this into account in our economic vision.
Democratization of Capital
It's not enough for capital to merely pass form one to another private controller. The people as a whole must have access to means of production.
Minority Rights
The ethnic minorities in Romania have been a pain point of internal stability and foreign relations. Perhaps we can make overtures to address their concerns.
Decentralized Planning
The future of the Ronaian economy mustn't be sorely dictated by a distant bureaucrat is Bucharest. Leadership in development should be held at the local level to meet their particular needs.
Regional Autonomy
Bonds of community are made at the local level. The governing independence of each region will make our economy and society more resillient to shocks.
Reach Across the Aisle
Monied and small-man interests aren't mutually exclusive...
Call in Favors
Many of Romania's elites have deep investments in the Liberal Party. In turn, our success is their success. Maybe we could incentivize them to give a bit more...
Elite Interests
Industry leaders are the giants that push the economy forward. These entrepreneuring minds should be supported by the government to do great deeds.
Bridge the Urban Rural Divide
It seems as if two Romanias exist, the rural peasants in the countryside, and the urban elites. Let us unite
Mechanization of Agriculture

Subsidize Nationalist Industries

Restore Michael

Ceremonaial King

Romanian-Axis Trade Revenues

National Legionary State
Final Victory is at hand. Our enemies are toppled, our influence far-reaching. Nothing stands in our way now. All that is left is to proclaim the new regime.
National Social State
The Legionaries were much too radical and short sighted for the responsibility of governance.
The Big Swamp
The marshal has made his national goals clear, whatever the cost, ROmanian borders must be maintained, and expandsed if possible. Better to die in a big Romanian swamp, than live in a small Romanian paradise.
Holy War Against Bolshevism
The Bolshevik threat has loomed over us for far too long. Now is the time for action, to remove this threat.
Romanianization of Industries
The Coming crises leave no room for foreign interests to run frivilously in the Romanian economy. The machines of industry must be unified in purpose, driving to advance the Romanian nation.
Absorb the Legionary Workers' Corps
Let us not put good workers to waste. Bringing the remains of the Legionary work camps into the factories will be a boon to production.
Former Legionaries to the Army
Despite the Legion being shattered, many of its members are highly motivated to fight for Romanian ultranationalism. They can be made use of in the military to motivate their brothers in arms.
Not: Has abolished Romanian Monarchy
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetIronGuardName]
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetNPPName], [GetIronGuardName], and [GetLiberalName]
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetIronGuardName] and the [GetLiberalName].
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetNPPName] and the [GetLiberalName].
King Carol II Overthrown!
Plot Against Boris
The Death of Tsar Boris
[GetPlotAgainstCarolFocusDesc]
We thought that King Carol was the monarch who would lead the country to greatness, but his authoritarian regime, close to a dictatorship, is proving that we were wrong and threatens to further destabilize the country. It is our duty as loyal servants of Romania to rid our nation of this unworthy ruler and to form a new government, worthy of the people's trust.
Unlocks decisions to cooperate with the [GetLiberalName] and the [GetNPPName].\nUnlocks decisions to repress the [GetLiberalName] and the [GetNPPName].
Unlocks Iron Guard members as ministers
Unlocks decisions to support the [GetNPPName] and [GetLiberalName]
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetIronGuardName]
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetLiberalName]
Unlocks decisions to repress the [GetNPPName]
The faction with the highest influence will take control of the government.
§Y[ROM.GetName]§! has lost at least 2 States
£tech_mod Air Innovations
As part of the 5 year plan we must invest in future models


Enables §HPao-an-tui §!\n§HMilitary Police\n    Urban§!\n      Attack: §G+5%§!\n      Movement: §G+10%§!\n
Army Effort
Despite the increasing possibilities given by aerial and naval warfare, ground combat will still be key in tomorrow's wars. With the correct preparations, we can avoid reliving the hell of the trenches.
Equipment Effort
The limits for which equipment that can be carried by our infantry are constantly being pushed. We will focus on giving our troops the best tools available.
Motorization Effort
Mobility and protection are crucial in getting our infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these areas will allow us to improve more quickly.
Doctrine Effort
The military doctrines that defined ground combat in the Great War are outdated. We must put our greatest minds to the task of shaping the military thought of tomorrow.
Equipment Effort II
We will continue our efforts to ensure our infantry and support troops are equipped with the best possible equipment of our time.
Mechanization Effort
Rethinking the possibilities of motorized infantry, we can push the limits of what vehicles can be constructed today.
Special Forces
We have need of elite specialist forces; mountain troops and paratroopers should be our priority.
Fighter Focus
We have not seen the last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Bomber Focus
When people of the future speak of the horror of today's wars, fire raining down from the skies will prominently feature. We must ensure that those stories are told by our enemies.
Aviation Effort
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force into the other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
Denounce Imperialists
The Imperialists claim to have our interests in mind, but all they do is feed their empires, We must stand strong
Expel American Investors
It is the Americans that engineered this so called 'open door' policy that now has us under the grips of the Imperialists
Expel Japenese Investors
Japan has already shown itself to be more than willing to be the aggressor. We should remove any economic advantage they gain from us
Expel Portuguese Investors

Expel Belgian Investors

Expel Dutch Investors

Expel French Investors

Expel Italian Investors

Expel English Investors
Expel English Investors
Renounce the 9 Powers Treaty
The More powers you have expelled the less political power this focus will cost
Support Equipment
Denounce Imperialists
The Imperialists claim to have our interests in mind, but all they do is feed their empires, We must stand strong
Expel American Investors
It is the Americans that engineered this so called 'open door' policy that now has us under the grips of the Imperialists
Expel Japenese Investors
Japan has already shown itself to be more than willing to be the aggressor. We should remove any economic advantage they gain from us
Expel Portuguese Investors

Expel Belgian Investors

Expel Dutch Investors

Expel French Investors

Expel Italian Investors

Expel English Investors
Expel English Investors
Renounce the 9 Powers Treaty
The More powers you have expelled the less political power this focus will cost
Denounce Imperialists
The Imperialists claim to have our interests in mind, but all they do is feed their empires, We must stand strong
Expel American Investors
It is the Americans that engineered this so called 'open door' policy that now has us under the grips of the Imperialists
Expel Japenese Investors
Japan has already shown itself to be more than willing to be the aggressor. We should remove any economic advantage they gain from us
Expel Portuguese Investors

Expel Belgian Investors

Expel Dutch Investors

Expel French Investors

Expel Italian Investors

Expel English Investors
Expel English Investors
Renounce the 9 Powers Treaty
The More powers you have expelled the less political power this focus will cost
Friendship with the Soviet Union
Whenever we have needed aid, the Soviets have been there for us, truely they will be the path to greatness
Join the Chinese Soviet
The revolution can only succeed if the Communists stand together. Of course, we must ensure that no counter-reactionary elements within the party attempts to derail the revolution before it even started.
Invite Communist Advisors
The PRC has some of the brightest minds, we should invite some of them to join our efforts
Better Farming Techniques

Expand our Borders

Denounce the PRC
We are the true communists
Push into China

Aid the Chinese
Our Chinese Brethern are under threat from the Imperialist Japanese Empire, we must send aid
Root Out Corruption
For decades, government officials have been abusing their position to fill their own pockets and harass the population, turning a blind eye on criminals that lined their pockets. This ends now.
Embrace the Opium Trade
A country needs money to function. In our current situation, we can't be too choosey about the sources.
Learn from the Soviets
The Red Army is Vast and unstoppable, we should learn what we can from them
Treaty of Friendship with Mongolia
Like us the Mongolian Peoples Republic is not widely recognised, we can work together to strengthen each other against the imperialists
A Clean Government
A government free of corruption and with strong judicial reforms
£tech_mod Put Scholars to Work

Introduction of Local Self-Government

Soviet Mine developement
§T Allows the Soviet player to develop resources on our core proviences§!
The Purge
There are many Traitors lurking within our ranks, we must purge them before we are plunged into another civil war
Establish The Pao-an-tui
The Pao-an-tui or Security Preservation Corps, will ensure the safety of our citizens from threats within
Increase the Purge
There are still traitors in our mist
A True Communist

Soviet Armor Designs

Improve Officer Dicipline

Increase Air Production
The Soviets wish to begin a large scale air training and production scheme
£tech_mod Establish the Air Training School

Collectivisation of Research

End of the Honeymoon Period
The Soviets are failing against the German invaders, they have stripped our freedoms and our wealth, it is time for a change
Demand Soviet Withdrawal

China's Only Option

Soviet Economic Aid

Racial and National Equality
Sheng has put forth the idea of 14 separate nationalities in Xinjiang, and these are Han Chinese, Uyghurs, Mongols, Kazakhs, Muslims or Dungan, Sibe, Solon, Manchu, Kyrgyz, White Russian, Taranchi, Tajiks, and Uzbeks. To foster this idea, we shall encourage the establishment of cultural societies for each nationality.
A Tribal Army
Allow all the 14 nationalities to serve in the army under tribal commands
A Unified Army
By ensuring Tribal loyalties are ignored and forcing men to serve under other commanders we can unify our troops
One People

Equal Employment

Reconstruction

Collective Farming
Collective Farming
A Planned Economy

New Sikiang

Light Industry

£tech_mod Industrial Research

Expand the Electrical Grid

Rapid Building Program

Found Xinjiangneft

Industry Development

Heavy Industry

Increase Road Networks

The Soviet Rail network
We must Connect the Sary-Tash–Sary-Ozek–Urumqi–Lanzhou road to Trans Siberian Rail Line
Import Soviet Arms

Import Construction Materials

The Quest for Peace

Ensure Better Education

Welfare Reforms

Train more Doctors

A Peaceful Nation

£tech_mod Joint Tank Development

£tech_mod Military Research

Intergrate Dabongliutan

Agricultural Improvements

Renounce the 9 Powers Treaty
Expand Storage in Manchukuo
With resources being scarce we need to ensure that our subjects do not let any go to waste
Convoy Production




Search For Oil Deposits
Search For Oil Deposits
Bureaucracy
Bureaucracy will help us structure and organize our largely-disorganized country.
Build Schools
Build schools in the towns and cities
Build More Schools
Build schools in the villages
Clandestine Networks
We have no real chance at taking on the major powers in a fair fight, but who said we needed to fight fair?
£tech_mod Establish Research Centre
Our science is well behind the rest of the world, let us build a new research centre
Revise Nomadic Laws
The nomadic people of this land have too much freedom, our rule of law must be extended
Integrate Nomads
There are still too many of our people ignoring our rule, if our country is to grow we must settle them, use force if need be
Subsidize Farmers
Subsidize Farmers
Welfare
Welfare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Agriculture
Devoloping farming techniques will see more of the nomadic tribes settling in our towns and villages
Develop Oil Industry
Develop Oil Industry
Oil Exports
We can use some of the profits from recent oil sales to help stablise our ecconomy
National Petroleum Company
National Petroleum Company
Mining Operations
Mining Operations
International Trade
Trade is vital to the health of our nation
Restricted Trading
We would be fools to give all our resources away, we must ensure we have enough for our people before trading with others
Fuel Production

Roads to the Capital
Access to the Capital is poor, we should expand our road network in the region
Construction in the Capital
Encouraging the civilain economy in our capital will bring great rewards
Land Developement
Much of our countryside lies undeveloped and unsuited for industry, with advances in machines we can change that
Glass Works
The construction of a new glass manafacturing plant will aid our economy
Ironworks
Let us build a new foundry to power our industry
Industry Modernisation
Our industry is well behind the modern world, we must invest in new and improved methods
Expand the Electrical Grid
With new power plants and better lines we can ensure more our people recieve the benefits of electricity
Market Reforms
Inflation is killing our economy we must implement tough new reforms
Arm the Nation
It is time to expand our military industry
Ready for War
The current situation demands our military industry to be fully operational
Recruitment Programes


Trading Ports
Access to the sea is vital for trade
Trade Fleet
We must build a fleet of trading vessels.
Military Dockyards
We must have a navy to defend our coasts. Military dockyards are the first step in building this fleet.
Surface Fleet
Our trade ships will need escorting. A surface fleet will allow us to better perform this role.
Subsurface Fleet
Even with our investments, our ability to produce a navy is still limited. Submarines, however, are cheap and not required in large numbers. We should focus our research on new submarine technology.
Advanced Subsurface Fleet
Our successful venture into submarines means we should continue our efforts at an increased rate.
Naval Doctrines
Adapting our naval doctrines to accommodate different ships and ensuring the safety of our trade convoys will teach us much about what sort of ships we need.

Army Effort
Despite the increasing possibilities given by aerial and naval warfare, ground combat will still be key in tomorrow's wars. With the correct preparations, we can avoid reliving the hell of the trenches.
Improve Divisional Command
Effective command structures with clearly defined roles will pay dividends
Equipment Effort
The limits for which equipment that can be carried by our infantry are constantly being pushed. We will focus on giving our troops the best tools available.
Motorization Effort
Mobility and protection are crucial in getting our infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these areas will allow us to improve more quickly.
Doctrine Effort
The military doctrines that defined ground combat in the Great War are outdated. We must put our greatest minds to the task of shaping the military thought of tomorrow.
Equipment Effort II
We will continue our efforts to ensure our infantry and support troops are equipped with the best possible equipment of our time.
Doctrine Effort II
The battlefield has changed not just in the interbellum years, but over the course of recent conflicts. We must continuously re-evaluate our doctrines to reflect this.
Equipment Effort III
Instead of imitating or buying foreign equipment, we should aim to become a world-leader in infantry weapons.
Armor Effort
Applying what we have learned from mechanizing our infantry, we can improve our armored vehicles as well.
Special Forces
We have need of elite specialist forces; mountain troops and paratroopers should be our priority.
Desert support company bonus
Desert Combat
Our men have grown up in the deserts, with training we can use this to our advantage
Arabian Horses
Arabian horses are some of the finest in the world, we will ensure we only select the very best of our stock

Aviation Effort
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Nowhere are technological advances more rapid than in aerial warfare. Aviation is a subject that any modern nation must master.
Fighter Focus
We have not seen the last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Bomber Focus
When people of the future speak of the horror of today's wars, fire raining down from the skies will prominently feature. We must ensure that those stories are told by our enemies.
Aviation Effort II
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force into the other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
NAV Effort
Just as the new naval warfare takes place in part beneath the water's surface, part of it takes place in the air above the water.

Defend the Capital
With tension in the world rising we must be ready to defend our seat of power
Fortification Techniques
In the past we could rely on the hostile terrain to defend our borders, but recent advances in warfare mean we must build to protect our borders.
Electrical Defenses
Recent breakthroughs in radio and RADAR will lead the way in our defensive strategies
Detection Focus
The Key to a good defence is knowing what our opponents are doing, we will actively listen on the airwaves
Scrambling Techniques
Safety is found when you can not be found
Defensive Constructions
We will build fortifications and armories to defend our land
Ground Defences
Its boots on the ground, entrenced and ready that provide the best defence
Air Defences
We can not hope to defend our skies with our small airforce, instead we will install defenses on the ground

Establish our nation
Even small nations like ours have a part to play in the event to come
£tech_mod Modernize the Nation

Strength through Power
The axis represent the most powerful nations, we would do well to follow them
Strength through Unity
Soviet ideals of equality and community will guide our nation to greatness
Sumbit to the Soviets
It has become increasing clear that if we want the aid of the Soviet Union we must grovel
Soviet Construction
The Soviets have offered to greatly expand our industry
Arabian Strength
Our people, our land and our values must determine our path
Arabian Democracy
The people of this land shall rule as they choose
Long live the King!
It is an honor to serve
Make friends
We have a common ground throughout Arabia, it is time to strengthen our ties
Arabian Science
Once we have standardised our research we can begin to collaborate with other Arab nations \nNote: you must complete the decision for each nation you want in the research sharing before completing this focus
Form the Arab League
Once we have gathered our allies we can form the Arab League \nNote: you must complete the decisions for each nation you want in the faction before completing this focus
League of Arab States
Strength through Wealth
The Capitalists have shown us the way to increase our prosperity and ensure our future
Look to Britian
The Conservative values of Britian are to be admired
Sumbit to the Empire
It has become increasing clear that if we want the aid of the United Kingdom we must grovel
British Industry Aid
The British have offered to aid us in our construction projects
Commonwealth Research
Our science lags behind the rest of the world, by working with our new allies we can improve
£tech_mod Allied Scientists
We will invite some of the top scientists to study in our nation
Look to France
The French have been leaders in europe for many years
Sumbit to France
It has become increasing clear that if we want the aid of the French people we must grovel
French Shipbuilding
The French have offered to expand our shipbuilding
Favour Italy
The Italians are the new powerhouse of the region and are worthy of our attention
Submit to Italy
It has become increasing clear that if we want the aid of the Italian nation we must grovel
Italian Naval construction
The Italian navy will soon control the Mediterian and we shall be a part of the fleet
Italian Planes
The Italians have offered us some of their older model planes to defend our skies
Favour Germany
The Germans are the new world order and so we look to them
Submit to Germany
It has become increasing clear that if we want the aid of the German nation we must grovel
German Industral Aid
The Germans have offered to add us in our military production
German Advisors
A small team of german military officers will offer guidance and training for our military
Train our Officers
With outside help now available it is time to train our military command for modern warfare

War Command
The world burns around us, we must use everything we have learned to excel in the field
Build Up the Machine
We must shift our nation into overdrive to be ready to face the looming threats
Focus on Domestic Industries
Without a strong civilian industry any war effort is doomed to fail
Manage the Economy
Manage the Economy
Focus on New Technologies
Weapons and methods beyond our wildest dreams are within reach of our scientists
£tech_mod Build A Military Research Centre
Build A Military Research Centre
Focus on Arms Production
Guns and Tanks, need we say more?
Roll Out New Factories
Roll Out New Factories
Naval and Airforce Focus
While our ground troops will always have a role to play it is time to expand our navy and airforce
Encourage Skilled Leaders
Encourage Skilled Leaders



Red Sea Trading Port
Access to the red sea is vital for trade with Asia
Trade Fleet
We must build a fleet of trading vessels.
Surface Fleet
The Mandate’s strategic location near the Suez Canal means we must be able to defend the convoys passing through it. A surface fleet will allow us to better perform this role.
Mediterranean Fleet
If war comes to the United Kingdom, its fleet will need to defend its vast empire. Constructing our own fleet, large enough to help defend the Mediterranean, is crucial to both of our interests.
Military Dockyards
The Mandate borders both the Mediterranean and Red Seas. We must have a navy to defend our coasts. Military dockyards are the first step in building this fleet.
Anti-Immigration Patrols
Despite our best efforts, more Jews continue to sneak into the Mandate with the help of smugglers. We must use our navy to stop them.
Subsurface Fleet
Even with our investments, our ability to produce a navy is still limited. Submarines, however, are cheap and not required in large numbers. We should focus our research on new submarine technology.
Advanced Subsurface Fleet
Our successful venture into submarines means we should continue our efforts at an increased rate.

Modernize the Airforce
Great Britain’s Royal Air Force is a model institution. Our own air force could learn from them.
Improve the Airfields
Our location near the Suez Canal makes Palestine a strategic location for military airbases. Right now, our airports are too small to facilitate any such role; we must expand them.
Air Defense
Mussolini’s Mediterranean ambitions paint a large target on our back, targets that the Italian air force will be more than happy to strike. We must create anti-air defenses if we wish to survive.
Fortify the Mandate
If the Suez Canal falls, the Mandate will be next. We must prepare for such a catastrophe.
Improved Artillery
If there is to be fighting in the open deserts, then artillery will dominate the battlefield. We should make sure ours dominates the most.
Create Special Forces
Fighting rebels has given us vast experience in unconventional warfare. We should harness this experience and use it in our army.
Special Weapons
Many of the educated immigrants have brought ideas. Very powerful ideas…
Modernize the Army
The Mandate was never intended to fight a war, but the world is becoming an ever more dangerous place. The small colonial garrison we have is falling behind.
Arm the Mandate
We cannot rely on Great Britain alone if we wish to reach our full potential. We must construct our own weapons and equipment if our army is to succeed.
Advanced Research
From the influx of immigrants, we will recruit the best and brightest to conduct our research.
Commonwealth Research
Our research attempts on our own will always be small, we shall share discoveries with the commonwealth
Subsidize the Mandate
With Great Britain’s help, we can increase industry and put many of the unsettled immigrants to work.
British Officer Training
Invite British officers to train and reform our command

Assist Great Britain
The path forward for all the people in the Mandate lies under the leadership of Great Britain. Now is not the time to be brash and dissolve the Mandate, at least not yet.
Reinforce the Palestine Police Force
With the Arab Revolt finally quelled, we cannot let anything like it happen again. We should reinforce the Palestine Police Force.
Police training
"Strengthen the Mandate Government" #Re-establish the Mandate
With all of the recent trouble in Palestine, we must ensure that the Mandate government continues to function as the chief authority in the territory.
Put Down the Arab Revolt
The Mandate cannot continue to function with our own population rising against us. This revolt must be quelled immediately.
Resist the Empire
We have waited too long for the imperial administration of Great Britain to finally give self-determination to the peoples under our Mandate’s control. We must subvert British rule to create a home for the Jews at last!
Limit Jewish Immigration
To appease the Arabs in the Mandate, and defer to the increasing British pressure, we should lower our Jewish immigration quotas.
Deport Illegal Immigrants to Cyprus
Whether we apprehend them at sea, or after they’ve snuck into the Mandate, we need somewhere to send the uncooperative refugees. Cyprus is just the place.

Jewish Militias
The armed Jews, working alongside the Palestine Police Force, were instrumental in ending the Arab revolt. Organizations such as the Haganah should receive support from the Mandate to better secure our authority.
Encourage Refugee Smuggling
The British administration wishes to appease its enemies by limiting Jewish immigration into the Mandate. Not only should we resist this pressure, but we should work to accept more than the British’s quota of refugees and immigrants into the Mandate.
Secret Training Camps
Countless Jewish militia groups are willing to train new troops to resist the British. We should assist them in this task.
Send a Message
Preparations to break free are complete. It is time we let the British, and perhaps even the whole world, know of our will to be free.
Demand Independence
Our daring efforts have gained the world’s attention. Now is the time to send Great Britain our demands! \n\n(The more land we demand, the less likely Great Britain is to capitulate to our demands.)
Secret Armories
Much of the industry in Palestine has the potential to secretly make arms on the side. There is no reason to let that potential go to waste.
Settle Immigrants
The new influx of immigrants and refugees must be put to work.
Negotiate for Independence
Preparations for war have been made; there is no doubt that the British have noticed this. However, if we work together, we may be able to avoid conflict altogether. \n\n(The more land we request, the less likely Great Britain is to accept our terms.)
Form an Underground Government
We must organise our political systems to be ready to rule in place of Britain
Call for an Election
Too long have we heard of the benefits of Democracy without the vote ourselves, In 30 days this country will head to the polls and let the people's voice be heard
Take the Issue to the UN
The situation in the Mandate has gotten very dire. We have no choice but to prepare for its independence. Perhaps the newly-founded UN can help us plan for this while being legitimate enough for the local population to accept the plan.

Improve Arab Railways
Like in the jewish-inhabited regions, the infrastructure in the arab regions is poor. More and better railways are the first solutions to this problem.
Encourage Arab Enterprise
Much of the arab territories remain unindustrialized. We should begin efforts to bring modern technology and ideas to the Arab economy.
Improve Palestinian Railways
Improving the railways in Palestine will allow both civilian and military logistics to be far more efficient.
Encourage Palestinian Enterprise
With a small amount of government assistance, the economy in Palestine has the potential to grow.
Establish Military Industry
With all of the Mandate’s industrial expansion, we should subsidize our fledgling arms industry.
Palestine Foundries and Metal Works
Our developing nation needs a large ferrous metal works to futher our industry


Treaty with the British
We can pursue a new research treaty with the British in order to develop, chiefly, better aircrafts. If they agree, we can reopen the aeronautic school we closed down in Baghdad in 1933. British cooperation will, of course, mean that they too will benefit from the innovations made...
Nationalist Propaganda
Exalting our nation's achievements to the mass media will be of great help in our cause
Operation Griffin
The time has come for an end to it all we need to act now
Purge the Pro-British
All those who support and sympathize with the British imperialists are traitors to the homeland, must be hunted down and purged of our nation
£tech_mod Military Schools
With the creation of military schools, we will have our young minds committed to creating new technologies that will be of great benefit to us.

Westernize the Army
An effort to bring our army to Western standards is extremely necessary. We should start now.
Improve Divisional Command
Effective command structures with clearly defined roles will pay dividends
Recruitment Drive
Our armed forces are dangerously undermannned so we must encourage more people to enlist
Weapon Design
Developing our own weapons projects will be essential. If we want to be autonomous in the military technological area
Import Artillery Pieces
Importing new artillery pieces will be cheaper than producing new ones.
Desert Doctrine
Bakr Sidqi and other radical theorists are pushing for daring new doctrines emphasizing communication, identification of artillery batteries and local concentrations of combined arms forces. Giving them free reins might help avoid the meat grinder horrors of the Great War.
Desert Combat
Our men have grown up in the deserts, with training we can use this to our advantage
Motorized Brigade
The motorization of the infantry will be the future of the next wars
Licensing foreign tanks and producing them locally will give us a basic understanding of this technology.
License Foreign Tanks
Develop own Artillery
With the knowledge acquired with the purchase and production of licensed artillery pieces, we can already produce our own.
Mountain Divisions
Much of our country is mountainous terrain, we need a specific doctrine for combat situations on these lands.
Mechanized Brigades
After long field tests, it has been proven to our engineers that moving troops on trucks that lack armor is not viable. Their efforts are being now in light armored vehicles for troop transport based on wheels and half-tracks.

Investments in the Air Force
Our air force is pathetic compared to our neighbors and world powers. We need to invest heavily in this area.
Air Superiority
If we do not maintain control of the skies, we certainly lost the battle on land and at sea.
Ground Support
We need Aircraft dedicated to supporting troops on ground effectively. Our fighters are not the best for this task.
Air Force Expansion
With more airstrips across the country we can better cover our skies and repel invaders at our borders, thus ensuring our sovereignty.
God's Hand Program
**Top secret** \n\nOur scientists are about to make a discovery that had changed the man's life in the world. If they had greater financial support for research, it would certainly accelerate the progress of this research.

Found Iraqi Navy
Kuwait for years was a natural part of the province of Basra but thanks to British imperialism it was made a protectorate and we lost almost our entire coastline, Now that Kuwait is our new territory we can finally found a navy to protect our precious maritime territory.
The Gulf Navy
We have the ability to establish full control over the Persian Gulf with only a medium navy, we will not need a large Navy like the United Kingdom or the United States.
Plan G
Heavy investment in our fleet will give us the certainty that no nation would venture into our maritime domains.
Destroyers
Destroyers will be the heart of our surface navy.
New Doctrines
Our Admirals are developing new naval strategies based on our Maritime capabilities.
Submarines
Submarines are the future, invisible and lethal predators.
Torpedoes Technology
Our engineers are working on new torpedoes of great reach and great destructive power, but a bigger investment would be welcome...
Khor Al Zubair Port
The port in Basra is of vital importance to our economy
Trade Fleet
Construct a trade fleet
Convert the Merchant Fleet
Our coast is defenceless without a navy, we will use the parts of merchant vessels to construct a destroyer
3 patrol boats are commissioned in our port
Shipbuilding
With our larger coastline we can now effectively build a naval force
A Coastal state that is not Al Basra

Consolidate the Power of the King
The King does not see himself in command of his own country, we must change this through changes in our government.
Break Anglo-Iraqi Treaty
The Anglo-Iraqi treaty is a shame for our nation we must revoke it immediately
Incorporate Assyrian Levies
We have to recognize the Assyrians as part of the Iraqi people, a good start for this is to accept them in our glorious army.
Solve Internal Issues
Much of the northen part of Iraq has been destroyed by internal conflicts, we can spend government resources to rebuild villages and roads
Shia Crushed
Shia Crushed
Crush the Rebels
The Shia tribes continue to be a thorn in our side, we must act quickly
Negotiate with the Tribes
We have been progressively taking power away from the Shia, we will ensure they have a seat in our government
Friend of the Shia
Having kept our word to include the Shia in government we have prevented further unrest
Friend of the Assyrians
It is time to reach out to other Assyrian communities across our borders
Consult Shia Clerics
We should consult with Shi'ite Clerics to ensure the best outcomes for their tribes
Rebuild Assyrian villages
Much work needs to be done to rebuild what was destroyed
Claim Kuwait
Kuwait has always been a part of our land
Export More Oil to the UK
Export more oil to the UK
Allied Research
Allied Research
British Aid
British Aid
British Officer Training
British Officer Training
Italian Aircraft
Italian Aircraft
German Guns
German Guns
Prepare for a Military Coup
Prepare for a Military Coup
Unlocks ambush decisions
Seize the Airfields
Seize the Airfields
Militarize the Nation


Nationalize the IPC
With the nationalization of the Iraqi Petroleum Company we will ultimately own our reserves of natural oil
Mossul-Baghdad Railway
Expanding our railway network will be of great help to our economy
Expand Oil Pipelines
With the expansion of pipelines we can refine our production more dynamically
Fuel Production

Baghdad Industrial Complex
Baghdad will be the center of our industry, with the creation of an industrial complex of considerable size we will not have to depend on exports
Ramadi Cement Factory
A Turkish consortium is interested in opening a branch of your company in Ramadi, all we need to do is to authorize...
Royal Iraqi Arsenal
Weapons of local manufacture
Expand the Royal Arsenal
Expanding the Royal Iraqi Arsenal will be very useful if we want to defend ourselves against any aggressions from our neighbors
Expand IPC
With the expansion of the IPC we will be the leaders in the production of oil in the region
£tech_mod Baghdad University
Baghdad will be the first city in the IRQ world to have a University at the height of the West
Search For Oil Deposits
Search For Oil Deposits
Bureaucracy
Bureaucracy will help us structure and organize our largely-disorganized country.
Expand al-Amn al-‘Amm
With threats from both within and outside our borders our Directorate of General Security must be expanded
Build Schools
Build Schools
Build More Schools
Build More Schools
Revise Nomadic Laws
The nomadic people of this land have too much freedom, our rule of law must be extended
Integrate Nomads
Integrate Nomads
Subsidize Farmers
Subsidize Farmers
Welfare
Welfare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Build the Kut Barrage
By building the barrage we will have a steady supply of water for the Gharraf irrigation canal allowing us to improve more area for farming
Develop Oil Industry
Develop Oil Industry
Oil Exports
We can use some of the profits from recent oil sales to help stablise our ecconomy
Expand our Petroleum Companies
Expand our Petroleum Companies
Mining Operations
Mining Operations
International Trade
Trade is vital to the health of our nation
Government Reforms
Reform the government
Industry Modernisation
Our industry is well behind the modern world, we must invest in new and improved methods
Economic Stabilization
We can use our industry to get the economic situation under control
Sieze Kuwait Industry
Taking what is ours

Defend the Capital
With tension in the world rising we must be ready to defend Baghdad from any attacks
Fortification Techniques
In the past we could rely on the hostile terrain to defend our borders, but recent advances in warfare mean we must build to protect our borders.
Defensive Constructions
We will build fortifications and armories to defend our land
Ground Defences
Its boots on the ground, entrenced and ready that provide the best defence
Air Defences
We can not hope to defend our skies with our small airforce, instead we will install defenses on the ground


Arab League
Form the Arab League
Call Upon Arab Leaders
We must call upon the Arab leaders

Search For Oil Deposits
Search For Oil Deposits
Roads to the Capital
Access to the Capital is poor, we should expand our road network in the region
Construction in the Capital
Encouraging the civilain economy in our capital will bring great rewards
Industry Modernisation
Our industry is well behind the modern world, we must invest in new and improved methods
Build Schools
Build Schools
Build More Schools
Build More Schools
£tech_mod Research Funding
Research Funding
Revise Bedouin Control Law
Revise Bedouin Control Law
Integrate Nomads
Integrate Nomads
Subsidize Farmers
Subsidize Farmers
Welfare
Welfare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Agriculture
Agriculture
Develop Oil Industry
Develop Oil Industry
Trade
Trade
Jordanian Petroleum Company
Jordanian Petroleum Company
Mining Operations
Mining Operations
Trade More
Trade More
Bureaucracy
Bureaucracy will help us structure and organize our largely-disorganized country.
Arm the Nation
It is time to expand our military industry
Market Reforms
Inflation is killing our economy we must implement tough new reforms
Commonwealth Research


Recognize Peel Commission Plan
Our Allies in Britain have come up with a plan for stabilizing Palestine, and would like us to recognize it.
Protest Balfour Declaration
The Balfour Declaration, which stipulates that the land of Palestine will be allocated for a future Jewish State is unjust and doesn't take into account the local Arab population!
Declare Neutrality
Declare Neutrality
Support Britain
Support Britain
Invite More British Advisors
Invite More British Advisors
Protest Peel Commission Plan
Our Masters in Britain have come up with a plan for what they think would stabilize Palestine, but without heeding the complaints of the local Arab population. We cannot allow them to pursue this plan!
Expel British Administration
The British have occupied our country for far too long, but now they are at peril, so it is our time to break away from them and pursue our own interests, no matter how dangerous that may be. Now is the time for action! NOTE: This will likely make Britain declare war on us. We better have enough allies for such a war.
Independence
We must work towards our own independence
Close Mosul-Haifa Pipeline
Close Mosul-Haifa Pipeline
Support Germany
Support Germany
Arab Ultranationalism
Arab Ultranationalism
Claim Greater Syria
Claim Greater Syria
Found Fascist Movement
Found Fascist Movement
Declare Fascist State
Declare Fascist State
Invite German Advisors
Invite German Advisors
Arab State
Form our own Arab State

Defend the Capital
With tension in the world rising we must be ready to defend our seat of power
Fortification Techniques
In the past we could rely on the hostile terrain to defend our borders, but recent advances in warfare mean we must build to protect our borders.
Electrical Defenses
Recent breakthroughs in radio and RADAR will lead the way in our defensive strategies
Detection Focus
The Key to a good defence is knowing what our opponents are doing, we will actively listen on the airwaves
Scrambling Techniques
Safety is found when you can not be found
Defensive Constructions
We will build fortifications and armories to defend our land
Ground Defences
Its boots on the ground, entrenced and ready that provide the best defence
Air Defences
We can not hope to defend our skies with our small airforce, instead we will install defenses on the ground
Aviation Effort
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Nowhere are technological advances more rapid than in aerial warfare. Aviation is a subject that any modern nation must master.
Join the Commonwealth Air Training Program



Strengthen the Arab Legion
For too long we have allowed the Arab Legion to dwindle in size, Major-General Frederick Gerard Peake suggests that the current force is inadequate
Adds a unit of Cavalry and Military Police to the Legion
Increase the Legion
Recent events in Palestine show that we must increase the Legions presence in the region
adds another unit of light infantry and cavalry to the Legion
Motorize Arab Legion
Motorize Arab Legion
Peake retires and is replaced by John Glubb, the legion becomes semi motorised.
Mechanize the Legion
The British are worried about events in Iraq and have approved mechanizing the Legion
Increases the size of the Legion and adds mechanized infantry
Fame of the Arab Legion
With the recent success of the Legion and new threats to the north we have been approved to complete the mechanizing of the Legion
converts all motorised units in the legion to mechanized



Strengthen the Constitution
Reinforcing our constitution will guarantee us more autonomy as a sovereign state.
Struggle for independence
Our people no longer tolerate the imperialism of foreign nations, which only comes to our lands to steal our resources. We should put an end to it.



Kashf-e Hijab
Our people have not yet embraced Western dress, to modernise our country we will impose new codes of dress, tell our police to use force if need be
£tech_mod Expand Tehran University
We will invest in our great university and allow women to attend for the 1st time
Offer Political Studies
Let us subsidize the development of a new course to study the nature of politics and governments
Offer Political Studies
Let us subsidize the development of a new course to study the nature of politics and governments
Offer Medical Studies
Let us subsidize the development of a new course to study the nature of medicine and anatomy
Offer Medical Studies
Let us subsidize the development of a new course to study medicine and anatomy
Improves the Soldier Loss in Command structures
Offer Economics
Let us subsidize the development of a new course to study economics
Offer Economics
Let us subsidize the development of a new course to study economics

School of Management and Police
This new school will allow us to train our forces to higher standards both in the armed and police forces
£tech_mod University of War
Our Government has invited 9 French masters to teach us lessons from the great war, by expanding this facility our military will rival other great nations
Lieutenant General François-Georges Gendre
Lieutenant General François-Georges Gendre is an expert in army command and organization, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Colonel Royadeh
Colonel Royadeh is an expert in infranty, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Colonel Constant
Colonel Constant is an expert in artillery, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Colonel Pusho
Colonel Pusho is an expert in Engineering and Trench Warfare, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Colonel Bersk
Colonel Bersk is an expert in Military Logistics, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Colonel Chuan Yar
Colonel Chuan Yar is an expert in infrantry, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Major Simon
Major Simon is an expert in field communications, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Colonel Calderón
Colonel Calderón is an expert in Cavalry, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Major Dovlaor
Major Dovlaor is an expert in battleplans and mapping, we should encourage a number of our officers to learn from him
Azizollah Zarghami takes Command
Major General Azizollah Zarghami has shown himself to be a 1st rate officer again and again, we will place him in charge of our University and perhaps appoint him head of our armed forces
Mohsen Diba as Deputy
Brigadier Mohsen Diba has been a huge influence in the establishment of our war university, we shall recognize his input and promote him to deputy
Hajali Razmara
We shall enlist our own Hajali Razmara to teach tactics, mapping and military geography
Hassan Arfa
We shall enlist our own Hassan Arfa to teach Cavalry tactics and improve the running of the university
Equipment Research
Our basic equipment lags behind other nations, we need to improve it
Motorization Research
Mobility and protection are crucial in getting our infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these areas will allow us to improve more quickly.
Doctrine Research
We must put our greatest minds to the task of shaping the military thought of tomorrow. Using the studies they have learned at our University of war
Further Equipment Research
We will continue our efforts to ensure our infantry and support troops are equipped with the best possible equipment of our time.
Mechanization Research
Rethinking the possibilities of motorized infantry, we can push the limits of what vehicles can be constructed today.
Further Doctrine Research
The battlefield has changed not just in the interbellum years, but over the course of recent conflicts. We must continuously re-evaluate our doctrines to reflect this.
Better Equipment
Instead of imitating or buying foreign equipment, we should aim to become a world-leader in infantry weapons.
Support Research
Just as important as the front line infrantry is the support and auxillary crews backing them up
Armor Research
Applying what we have learned from mechanizing our infantry, we can improve our armored vehicles as well.
Special Forces
We have need of elite specialist forces; mountain troops should be our priority.
Tehran Mehrabad International Airport
Build Tehran Mehrabad International Airport
Fighter Research
We have not seen the last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Buy fighters from Italy
The Italians have offered us a number of their older light aircraft
CAS Research
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
More Airbases
With some of our countryside being almost inacessable by ground it is important that we have airbases in strategic areas around the country
Bomber Research
When people of the future speak of the horror of today's wars, fire raining down from the skies will prominently feature. We must ensure that those stories are told by our enemies.
Ministry of Energy
Many of our cities are not connected to electricity, our new ministery is tasked with providing power across the nation
Develop the Sugar Industy
Sugar has been an excelent source of work and income for our nation, we should develop more mills
Develop Tea Plantations
Tea has been an excelent source of work and income for our nation, we should develop more plantations
North South Rail
Building a Rail line from our ports in Khuzestan to our northen borders will increase trade with the soviets
Continue the North South Rail
Building a Rail line from our ports in Khuzestan to our northen borders will increase trade with the soviets
Finish the Rail line
Building a Rail line from our ports in Khuzestan to our northen borders will increase trade with the soviets
East West Rail
The British have asked us to build an East West railway so they can access the RAJ, however they are not offering to provide any support in the matter
Continue the East West Rail
The British have asked us to build an East West railway so they can access the RAJ, however they are not offering to provide any support in the matter
Finish the Rail line
The British have asked us to build an East West railway so they can access the RAJ, however they are not offering to provide any support in the matter
Expand Damavand County
We shall create a new district outside of Tehran called the Central District of Damavand County
Population Census
We need to know how many people are living within our lands who are fit for active duties
Strengthen The Melli Bank
The Melli Bank is the best competitor to the British owned Imperial Bank of Persia
Abadan Technical School
The Anglo-Iranian Oil Company is bleeding us dry, however by funding this new school we can begin to train our own people to find oil
Increase Trade With Germany

Increase Trade with the Soviets

Arms Buildup
Liberate Iraq
Italian Business Investment

Allows [ITA.GetName] to take decisions to aid our industry
Strike North
Military Business
Rangsazi Iran
Rangsazi Iran - Iran Paint Manufacturing Company, was founded in 1939 as the first paint producer in Iran as well as the Middle East.
Long Live the King
The King has shown us the way to modernisation, long may he reign
Arrest the 53
The Fifty-Three were a group of 53 Iranians arrested for involvement in communist political activities in 1937 and brought to trial in November 1938
Hold an Election
Hold an Election
The Pride of Persia
Build the Marble Palace
The palace is surrounded by a garden. The external surface of the palace is of white marble. The stone entrance of the palace where two statues of Achaemenid soldiers holding arrows were erected particularly reflects eclectic architectural style
Build the Ramsar Palace
The Ramsar Palace is one of the historic buildings and royal residences in Iran. The palace is in Ramsar, a city on the coast of the Caspian Sea.
AIOC Negotiations
The current agreement with AIOC is not working for us, we shall send a delegation to the British to neogiate better terms
Denounce AIOC
With the neogiation failing we shall denounce AIOC as the sham it is
Treaty of Commerce and Navigation
The Treaty of Commerce and Navigation was signed on March 25, 1940 between representatives of Iran and the Soviet Union. This accord helped to reinforce the tenets of the Treaty of Establishment, Commerce and Navigation. Based on the terms of the treaty, both signatories agreed to reinforce the 10-mile fishing limit for all commercial vessels in the Caspian Sea.
The Pars Museum
The Pars Museum is a museum in Shiraz, Fars Province, southern Iran and is located in Nazar Garden
Form the Iran Football League

£tech_mod Build the National Libary

Build Amjadiyeh
Amjadiyeh Stadium is a sports stadium in Tehran, Founded in 1939
Incease the Gameroon Port
Build up the port in Bandar Abbas
Increase the Abadan Port
Form the Iran Navy
The expansion of our navy should be our first priority. Assign all available resources to building new dockyards and expand our research into various new surface ships.
Commission the Babr
The Iranian warship Babr (Tiger)
Commission the Palang
The Iranian warship Palang (Leopard)
Commission the Shir
The Iranian warship Shir (Lion)
Commission the Reza
The Iranian warship Reza
Flexible Navy
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Large Navy
Adapting our naval doctrines to accommodate large ships and ensuring the safety of our trade convoys will teach us much about what sort of ships we need.
Submarine Research
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Cruiser Research
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, our smaller cruisers need replacement.
Destroyer Research
Studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we have also learned how to counter those strategies. Destroyers will be crucial for this.
Capital Ship Research
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. Battleships and carriers represent the old and the new in naval superiority.
Improves our command structures\n
Equip the Army

Modernise Our Industry

Poke the Bear
We've got a big stick, whats the worst that could happen?
Friends in High Places

Hold a Trial

Seek Peace with Stalin

Adds the construction of a Corvette, starting at §G50%§! constructed\n
Adds the construction of a Destroyer, starting at §G50%§! constructed\n
Adds the construction of a Light Cruiser, starting at §G50%§! constructed\n
Adds the construction of a old Battlecruiser, starting at §G60%§! constructed\n
German Industrial Aid
§RAngers§! §C[ENG.GetName]§!\n
§RAngers§! §C[SOV.GetName]§!\n
§C[PER.GetName]§! has consistantly ignored our demands\n
Develop the Steel Industry
The recent Rail projects have shown a weakness in the local steel industry that needs to be recitified
French Military Mission recalled to France
Horde Fuel
Mine Mine Mine!
Radio Iran
a transmitter was taken to the radio and a small studio was created on the Arg Square for broadcast news. In 1336, the name \"Tehran Radio\" was turned into \"Radio Iran\", and later in the radio station of Iran, the second transmitter, Tehran Radio, was also the only music originally released.

Italian East Africa

Rubber Plantations

Bureaucracy
Bureaucracy will help us structure and organize our largely-disorganized country.
Recruit the Natives
The Native people have just as much to gain from resisting the imperialists as we do
Build Schools
Build schools in the towns and cities
Build More Schools
Build schools in the villages
Build an Arch of Triumph
thatsa nice Arc
Circuito Asmara
Asmara circuit
£tech_mod Establish Research Centre
Our science is well behind the rest of the world, let us build a new research centre
Revise Nomadic Laws
The nomadic people of this land have too much freedom, our rule of law must be extended
Integrate Nomads
There are still too many of our people ignoring our rule, if our country is to grow we must settle them, use force if need be
Industria per la birra dell'AOI
Beer Industry
Welfare
Welfare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Agriculture
Devoloping farming techniques will see more of the nomadic tribes settling in our towns and villages
Wide Scale Farming

Coffee Plantations
Only the best brew
Export Coffee

Compagnie per il cotone d'Etiopia
Develop Cotton industry
Cementerie d'Etiopia
National Cement industry
Ethio-Djibouti Railway
Ethio-Djibouti Railway
Dire-Dawa to Assab Railway

The Imperial Road
Access to the Capital is poor, we should expand our road network in the region
Construction in the Capital
Encouraging the civilain economy in our capital will bring great rewards
Land Developement
Much of our countryside lies undeveloped and unsuited for industry, with advances in machines we can change that
Compagnia Etiopica del Latte e Derivati
Milk Industry
Trasporti automobilistici
Mechanic & Transport industry
Ironworks
Let us build a new foundry to power our industry
Industry Modernisation
Our industry is well behind the modern world, we must invest in new and improved methods
Imprese elettriche d'Etiopia
With new power plants and better lines we can ensure more our people recieve the benefits of electricity
Compagnia etiopica mineraria
Support the Minerals industry
Compagnia etiopica degli esplosivi
It is time to expand our military industry
Ready for War
The current situation demands our military industry to be fully operational
Equip Police
The Shifta's are causing problems for our new colony, we must arm the police force
Crush the Rebels
With a co-ordinated effort we can find Zaudiè Asfau and his band of rebels
Joint Research

£tech_mod Native Scientists
The Land is rich in culture and history, many of the local population would do well with higher education
Italian Colonial Research
Claim Somalia

Develop Somalia

Integrate Somalia

Capture Abebe Aregai
the last leader of the Arbegnocks and the final rebel leader
Find the Rats
There are many that still harbor a love for the Solomon Dynasty, deal with them
Arrest former Palace Staff
They can't be trusted
Hire Shifta hunters

Thank Fighters from Yemen
Some of our best fighters have come from Yemen in our quest to form IEA and now to defend its borders, we should take the time to send a gift of thanks to them


Trading Ports
Access to the sea is vital for trade
Trade Fleet
We must build a fleet of trading vessels.
Military Dockyards
We must have a navy to defend our coasts. Military dockyards are the first step in building this fleet.
Surface Fleet
Our trade ships will need escorting. A surface fleet will allow us to better perform this role.
Subsurface Fleet
Even with our investments, our ability to produce a navy is still limited. Submarines, however, are cheap and not required in large numbers. We should focus our research on new submarine technology.
Advanced Subsurface Fleet
Our successful venture into submarines means we should continue our efforts at an increased rate.

Army Effort
Despite the increasing possibilities given by aerial and naval warfare, ground combat will still be key in tomorrow's wars. With the correct preparations, we can avoid reliving the hell of the trenches.
Improve Divisional Command
Effective command structures with clearly defined roles will pay dividends
Equipment Effort
The limits for which equipment that can be carried by our infantry are constantly being pushed. We will focus on giving our troops the best tools available.
Motorization Effort
Mobility and protection are crucial in getting our infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these areas will allow us to improve more quickly.
Doctrine Effort
The military doctrines that defined ground combat in the Great War are outdated. We must put our greatest minds to the task of shaping the military thought of tomorrow.
Equipment Effort II
We will continue our efforts to ensure our infantry and support troops are equipped with the best possible equipment of our time.
Doctrine Effort II
The battlefield has changed not just in the interbellum years, but over the course of recent conflicts. We must continuously re-evaluate our doctrines to reflect this.
Equipment Effort III
Instead of imitating or buying foreign equipment, we should aim to become a world-leader in infantry weapons.
Armor Effort
Applying what we have learned from mechanizing our infantry, we can improve our armored vehicles as well.
Special Forces
We have need of elite specialist forces; mountain troops and paratroopers should be our priority.
Desert support company bonus
Desert Combat
Our men have grown up in the deserts, with training we can use this to our advantage
Mountain Combat
Our men have grown up in the mountains, with training we can use this to our advantage
SMGs


Aviation Effort
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
Nowhere are technological advances more rapid than in aerial warfare. Aviation is a subject that any modern nation must master.
Linea dell'Impero
The Imperial Line (Italian Linea dell'Impero or Linea Imperiale) was a flight route of the Italian national airline Ala Littoria during the Fascist era. It was the longest route in the Italian colonial empire in Africa and \"the jewel in Ala Littoria's crown\". It connected Rome with Benghazi (Libya), Asmara (Eritrea), Addis Abeba (Ethiopia) and Mogadishu (Somalia). It carried passengers and mail
Fighter Focus
We have not seen the last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Bomber Focus
When people of the future speak of the horror of today's wars, fire raining down from the skies will prominently feature. We must ensure that those stories are told by our enemies.
Aviation Effort II
Further advances in aviation will be necessary to integrate our air force into the other branches of the military.
CAS Effort
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air.
NAV Effort
Just as the new naval warfare takes place in part beneath the water's surface, part of it takes place in the air above the water.

Defend the Capital
With tension in the world rising we must be ready to defend our seat of power
Fortification Techniques
In the past we could rely on the hostile terrain to defend our borders, but recent advances in warfare mean we must build to protect our borders.
Electrical Defenses
Recent breakthroughs in radio and RADAR will lead the way in our defensive strategies
Listening Horn

Detection Focus
The Key to a good defence is knowing what our opponents are doing, we will actively listen on the airwaves
Scrambling Techniques
Safety is found when you can not be found
Defensive Constructions
We will build fortifications and armories to defend our land
Ground Defences
Its boots on the ground, entrenced and ready that provide the best defence
Air Defences
We can not hope to defend our skies with our small airforce, instead we will install defenses on the ground

War Command
The world burns around us, we must use everything we have learned to excel in the field
Build Up the Machine
We must shift our nation into overdrive to be ready to face the looming threats
Focus on Domestic Industries
Without a strong civilian industry any war effort is doomed to fail
Manage the Economy
Manage the Economy
Focus on New Technologies
Weapons and methods beyond our wildest dreams are within reach of our scientists
£tech_mod Build A Military Research Centre
Build A Military Research Centre
Focus on Arms Production
Guns and Tanks, need we say more?
Roll Out New Factories
Roll Out New Factories
Naval and Airforce Focus
While our ground troops will always have a role to play it is time to expand our navy and airforce
Encourage Skilled Leaders
Encourage Skilled Leaders

The Civil War
The army has attempted to coup the government, but so far they have failed. Spain is in a civil war.
Defend The Republic
Defend The Republic
Arm The People
Arm The People
French Assistance
French Assistance
¡No Pasarán!
¡No Pasarán!
Moscow Gold
Moscow Gold
Soviet Planes
Soviet Planes
Soviet Tanks
Soviet Tanks
"Mixed Brigades" #Brigadas Mixtas
"Mixed Brigades" #Brigadas Mixtas
Soviet Advisors
Soviet Advisors
Unified Army
Unified Army
Solve Political Divisions
Solve Political Divisions
Mass Mobilization
Mass Mobilization
Ejército Revolucionario
Ejército Revolucionario
Destroy Fascism
Destroy Fascism
Restore Order
Restore Order
Ejército Popular
Ejército Popular
Resistir Es Vencer
Resistir Es Vencer
Join Allies
Join Allies
Defend Spain
Defend Spain
Italian Convoys
Italian Convoys
TEXACO Shipments
TEXACO Shipments
German Guns
Guns and Supplies from Germany
Morrocan Mercenaries
Morrocan Mercenaries
Spawns Spanish Forces and Morrocan Mercenaries
Organize The State
Organize The State
Condor Legion
Condor Legion
Corpo Truppe Volontarie
Corpo Truppe Volontarie
Italian Naval Aid
Provides a small fleet from the Italians
Transfers 4 Italian Destroyers and 2 Italian Submarines.
Control The Falange
Control The Falange
Deal With Traditionalists
Deal With Traditionalists
Church Financial Support
Church Financial Support
Control The Requetés
Control The Requetés
The New Country
The New Country
Monarchist Takeover
Monarchist Takeover
Aristocratic Army
Aristocratic Army
British Connections
British Connections
Resist For the Nation
Resist For the Nation
Resist The Red Wave
Resist The Red Wave
Personality Cult
Personality Cult
Ley de Responsabilidades
Ley de Responsabilidades
Unification Decree
Unification Decree
Destroy Communism
Destroy Communism
Join Germany
Join Germany
Anarchists Victorious
Anarchists Victorious
Moderate Victory
Moderate Victory
Reform our navy
With the loss of almost all our navy command our navy is in no shape for this war, we have suffered many defeats and must reform if we are to hold the seas
Communist Revolution
Communism has proven itself to be the only defence against the fascists
Commissars
Soviet Food
The war is taking its toll and much needed food supplies are coming in from our commarades
Join the Comintern
Call for Volunteers

Increase Recruitment Drives

Post-War Recovery
The recent war has decimated our industry and our economy. We need to rebuild and recover in order to become an important nation once again.
Rebuild The Interior
The agricultural regions of internal Spain were already underdeveloped when the war started. The conflict has only worsened their economical situation, something that must be corrected.
Retake Morroco

Rebuild The North
The Northern regions of Spain were very industrialized before the war, but the intense fighting has damaged or destroyed a lot of factories. Let's start working!
Rebuild The Coast
The castal regions were badly damaged during the war, and, as one our main economic sources, it must be rebuilt as soon as possible.
Rebuild Northern Railways
In northern Spain lies the Basque steel and industry, the Asturian mines and the Galician naval bases. It must be reconnected to improve our economy.
Rebuild Eastern Railways
The East is where our most important cities and ports lie. We must rebuild its railways to help the region's development.
Oil Refineries
Our country is not very rich in oil, a fact that make us depend from oil imports. We should pursue auto-sufficiency in oil supply building some oil refineries.
Rationing
This are hard times, and we can't allow illegal accumulation of food. Our people will not starve.
Rebuild Spain
The Spanish industry has been very badly damaged during the war. We will rebuild it!
Spain Is Rebuilt
After so many hard work, our precious nation has recovered from the civil war. Although its consequences in the population still remain, the industry has finally recovered.
£tech_mod Refill Our Universities
The war and the subsequent political 'applications of the law' have left many university teachers spots free. We should refill them and improve our education.
£tech_mod Military Science Funds
We should create an special Military Science Fund to pursue better technologies.
Basque Steel
We should improve our steel production, specially in the Basque Country and Navarre that is where a lot of our production lies.
Expand Tungsten Mines
Galicia, along with Portugal is full of tungsten that the other powers ( or ourselves ) will need for vehicle construction. We should expand its mines so we can benefit from its trade.
Postwar Economy
Postwar Economy
Postwar Scatters
Rationing
Social Assistance
Social Assistance Programme
With people starving in the streets, we must create a social assistance programme to help our population.
The Economy has Recovered
Economic Revitalization
It's time to get Spain out of the Great Depression and become a thriving country once again.
Railway Improvement Comission
We can't improve our economy with such a bad railway network. We must improve it.
Expand Vizcaya Steel Facilities
We should expand the Vizcaya Steel Works to get steel and industry at the same time.
Connect The Cities
It's time to overcome our natural divisions and bind our country together.
Support Urbanization
Job and opportunities in big cities should attract more people to them.
International Investors
We should encourage foreign investors to look to our country, that will improve our industry!
£tech_mod University Expansion
Expand our universities to allow us to pursue more advanced research projects.
Expand Tungsten Mines
Galicia, along with Portugal is full of tungsten that the other powers ( or ourselves ) will need for vehicle construction. We should expand its mines so we can benefit from its trade.
Oil Refineries
Our country is not very rich in oil, a fact that make us depend from oil imports. We should pursue auto-sufficiency in oil supply building some oil refineries.
Civil War Avoided
Sevillan Ammunition Factory
Replace the old Sevillan Ammunition Factory with a new military-industrial complex.
Madrilenian Military Industry
In case of an invasion, our capital must be protected. Instead of building fortifications, we can build military factories to keep the defenders supplied.
Instalaza S.A.
Found an infantry weapons producer company to help us with military concerns.
Military Infraestructure
Our roads are in a very bad state and the railway network is not functional. This is terrible for sustaining an army, so we must fix it.
RADAR Installations
Adopt the new RADAR technologies will allow us to build RADAR stations and to protect our cities from bombers.
Air Defense
Our country hasn't adapted to modern warfare. Our main cities, Madrid and Barcelona, are unprotected against air attacks. This has to be inmediately corrected.
Pyrenees Fortifications
We only have two land borders, and Portugal is not going to attack us anytime soon. We should protect the other border.
Fortify The Protectorate
Since we got the Protectorate of Morroco in 1912, other European countries have wanted to conquer it beacause of its rich mines. A fortification line will be a good measure of deterrence.
Public Works
The Great Depression has risen the unemployment to very high levels. We should make a public works programme, to create employment and improve our country at the same time.
Finish The Agrarian Reform
The Agrarian Reform, promoted by Manuel Azaña in the first republican biennium, is still incomplete. By continuing applicating it, we will re-distribute a lot of terrains, which will help our population grow.
Free Institution Of Teaching
The Free Institution of Teaching ( Institución Libre de Enseñanza ) will help us with technological progress and will prevent people from indoctrination.
A Democratic Republic
The polarization that has been the seal of identity of the Spanish Second Republic has to dissapear. It is time to stabilish a modern liberal democracy. 
Issue Expropiations
The burgoisie doesn't want to give the workers better conditions, and keeps ignoring the Constitution. Let's expropiate their buisinesses, so we can assure the worker's rights.
Collectivist Ideals
The power of the spanish proletariat doesn't reside in the individual, but in the whole of them. We shall erradicate the individualist burgoise mentality!
Stop The Agrarian Reform
The Agrarian Reform, promoted by Manuel Azaña in the first republican biennium, is still incomplete. This is an opportunity to revoke it and getting rid of its harmful effects.
Centralization of Power
During the Republic power was divided between the president and the head of government, not to mention the parliament and the autonomous regions. We shall end that, and centralize the structure under our Caudillo!
National-Catholicism
Catholicism has always been an element of cohession in Spain. In exchange of some concessions, the church should be wiling to help us in bringing this country together.
Unite The Trade Unions
The unions, divided, are not strong. Together, the unions shall be the voice of the worker in this new regime!
Sindicato Vertical
We have to include the workers in the regime. The new falangist union, Sindicato Vertical, shall be their voice.
Political Repression
This can't be tolerated. While we care and work hard for the people, they critizise our government and adopt dangerous ideologies. We have to sacrifice some lives for the good of Spanish people.
Unaligned Military
The military has been influenciated by right and left-wing elements since 1931. This has to change. Promoting officers looking at their military capabilities and not their political affiliation will make our army more professional and remove any coup danger.
Collectivist Propaganda
Moderates On The Rise
The Agrarian Reform
Foreign Workers' Support
Diplomatic Effort
Spain has long been politically closed, more concerned about internal than external politics. This is about to change. Spain will find its place in the world.
Occupy Tangiers
With the world consumed by chaos, we can take advantage of that. Let us seize Tangiers as a preparation for our future empire.
Spanish-German Ties
Germany has the same enemies as we do, and helped us in the civil war. We have to pursue much closer relations with them.
Join Axis
Germany is asking our help to defeat the bolseviks and the british imperialists. It is our duty to accept.
Fascism in Portugal
Although the Salazar regime is catholic and sent us the 'Viriatos', it doesn't seem to cooperate. We have to replace it with a more... friendly regime.
The Southern Axis
Germany is too focused on the Lebensraum, and it wants to peace with the UK. This is unacceptable. We should create another patriotic alliance, to defeat the british and their evil colonialism.
Invite Italy
Italy is one of the prime contenders of the UK, specially in Egypt, Somaliland and Malta. They'll probably be wiling to join us in our crusade.
Invite Venezuela
Venezuela has a patriotic and stable government, and it borders some british colonies. Our offer won't be unnoticed by them.
Demand Gibraltar
We can't tolerate anymore this national offense! Gibraltar español!
Unify Iberia
As cooperation with Portugal seems impossible, we must persuade them is another way. Unifying the peninsula will bring strength to our great nation.
North African Claims
The treaty of 1912 was an offense. As the king of Italy said, Spain was left with the poorest part of Morroco. With France weakened, we can try to take what is ours.
Demand Rousillon
Catalonia is Spain, and that includes northern Catalonia. We must take back Perpignan from the evil french!
The Blue Division
Germany is fighting the evil communists and the corrupt liberals and we are here doing nothing. We should send a small volunteer group to help in their crusade.
Invite Bulgaria
Although Bulgaria is not a big enemy of the UK, we can use italian influence over them to add them to our faction.
Alliance With Peru
We must increase our influence in South America, as they are our cultural brothers and they have some valuable resources. Peru should benefit from an alliance with us
Partition Greece
With Italy and Bulgaria with us, the greeks are surrounded. We can use our old claims over the duchy of Athens to grab it, along with the islands, and let Italy and Bulgaria take the rest.
Change Direction
It seems that Germany is not doing as well as we thought. Lucky us, we can still refuse to compsomise with them.
Demand Malta
We must expel the british from the Mediterranean! If the italians can't do it, we must expel them ourselves!
Condemn Germany
Recent german actions have shown that they are a dangerous dictatorship. We must cut all our ties with them.
Join Allies
The alliance led by the United Kingdom has become the main opposer to fascist Germany. We must contribute to make the world safer.
Italian Territorial Promises
Italy has sided with the fascists. With the appropiate words, we can obtain the italian islands when we win the war.
Distance From Britain
The British just want to preserve their Empire, and we won't justify their colonialism with an alliance. We will seek our own way.
Approach France
France is a true democratic country, with a long-time republican tradition and a strong military. We should try to befriend them.
The New Entente
We should try to form an European Alliance to protect ourselves against the germans and italians. France and the Benelux should be in it, of course.
Approach the US
The US are the Home of the Free, and, despite our resentment for the Spanish-American War. they're probably our best option to ally with.
United Nations
We have to show the US government that Spain is wiling to collaborate in their project: the creation of the United Nations, a new global alliance following the steps of the League of Nations, that will include every democratic country in the world.
Technology Sharing
We can't keep our technological knowledges hidden from our allies, so we shall share them. Naturally, we expect them to do the same.
United Nations Research
Entente Research
Anglo-Spanish Naval Academy
We should set up a naval academy with our British allies to pursue new naval doctrines more efficiently.
British Tank Research
It would be a good idea to ask the british for help in the foundation of our new armored corps. They're our allies!
Foreign Investments
To ensure our democracy lasts we need economic stability, and our more powerful allies can easily invest in our vast land to industrialize our country. Let them do it!
Pursue Neutrality
While others may claim it takes bravery and wisdom to take sides in a global conflict, we know it takes more to refuse.
Deterrence
Standing alone, we rarely benefit from war. Fortunately, we know that the best defense is one so well-known you never have to put it to use.
Foreign Worker's Support
Conquering is an ugly word. By convincing the local workers that we want to 'liberate' them, our annexations will be easier.
Soviet-Spanish Ties
The Soviet Union helped us in the civil war, and it stands as the defender of the proletarians. We must improve our relations with them.
Join Comintern
With fascism and capitalism on the rise, the union of all the liberated countries is essential. We must ally with the USSR.
Annex Portugal
Borders are one of the main socialist enemies. We must start our European unification by annexing our neighbour country.
Demand Gibraltar
Spanish people has been liberated, but Gibraltarians remain under the capitalist gasp. We have to liberate them too.
Mediterranean Socialist Union
A broad union of socialist republics in the Mediterranean, following the model of the USSR, would liberate a lot of workers and would be a step forward in the furture world unification.
War Against Fascism
We have crushed fascism here in Spain, but it would be selfish to let other europeans suffer it. It is time to erradicate fascism!
Claim Southern France
Although french communists are strong, the evil burgois governemnt conducts a brutal repression against them. We have to liberate those workers.
Claim Northern Italy
Italians are starving under fascist Mussolini. Not anymore!
Claim Greece
Greece is weak, isolated and has a dictatorship. It seems rip for the taking.
Socialism in One Country
The dream of a united socialist world can't be archieved by being a mindless warmonger. We must build our utopia here, and the rest of the world will inebitably embrace it.
Global Revolution
We can't stay still while foreign proletarians suffer. Workers of the world, unite!
Fund Foreign Revolutionaries
We must train and fund foreign socialist movements to help the spread of the Revolution!
Worker's Nationalism
We will make a huge propaganda campaign to show the portuguese that they are a true part of our worker utopia.
Soviet Technology Sharing
We must share our technology with our northern comrades, and they will share their in return. A profitable agreement for both parts!
Revolution In France
The time has finally come. The french communists, trained, funded and armed by us, have informed our high command that they are ready to deliver the final blow to the corrupt burgois government. They only need our approval.
Restore the Monarchy
We must destroy the abomination that is the Republic. Spain is, and always will be a monarchy. For God and King!
Increase Support for the Monarchy
For God and King!
Sovereign Monarch
The king doesn't need any help from soldiers or politicians. He will guide Spain alone, like a good old king!
Faith In The King
The king is the father of Spain. He knows what his people need and he always acts accordingly.
State Corporativism
Both liberalism and communism have failes horribly. We must return to the old economy, a corporativist economy led by the state!
The Old Values
Bolshevism and liberalism have attacked the good old catholic values during the Republic, but we will bring them back. For God, King and Country!
Old Values
Faith in the King
Dissident Crackdown
It's time to root out the bolsheviks and the liberals that want to destroy our great nation.
Reorganize The Junta
We have to bring new, talented generals to the high command to improve our army.
Alliance With The UK
The fascist are fiercly anti-monarchist and don't let me start on the communists! The allies and the king of Britain represent the old values, and they shall have our king's support.
Puppet Monarch
The history of Spain is a continued sucession of mistakes made by the Kings and Queens of Spain. The new king won't have any power, but rely on the military to rule.
Army Primacy
The Army, the most sacred Institution of Spain, is finally in control of the country. Is the best thing that could happen!
Alliance With Germany
Germany is the only country fighting agaist the capitalists and the corrupt bolsheviks. We should help them!
Iberian Alliance
We can't trust external powers. We can rely only in our catholic brothers of Portugal.
Iberian Scientific Space
Let's be realistic: Portugal and Spain are not the most advanced countries in the world. We should cooperate to compete with other powers.
Demand Gibraltar
Our proud kingdom won't allow to have colonies in our sacred land! Britain out of Iberia!
Expand The Alliance
We can't stay only with Portugal. The latin american countries are our friends and our cultural brothers, so we must strenghten our ties with them.
Ally Venezuela
We'll start our alliance with a patriotic and stable country: Venezuela!
Befriend Peru
Let us increase our alliance with a new member, Peru!
Approach Brazil
Brazilians are not spanish-americans, but they share ties with our ally, Portugal. let's try to ally them.
Invite Argentina
Argentina will be a great addition to our alliance, and we can promise them the Malvinas...
Befriend Mexico
Mexico is a country that has suffered a lot in the hands of the USA. We will promise them greatness, and they will surely accept!
Prepare The Revenge
It's time for ibero-americans to confront the evil United States, that has oppressed us all for a century!
Revenge 1898
Those Americans invented the Maine explosion and sent our country to 40 years of political instability just to annex Cuba. We will take our revenge, with our ibero-american brothers!
Monarchy Restored
National Revenge
National Revenge
Has already repressed the dissidents
Iberian Alliance
Ibero-American League
Iberian Research
Research collaboration between Iberian countries
Elections of 1936
This election of 1936 is going to be one of the most important in our history. Let the best politician win.
§YThis focus will be bypassed automatically§
The elections of 1936 have passed
Has enacted the Unification Decree
§YYou are free to shape the politics of the country.§
Azana's Army Reform
We must finish the great reform of the Spanish Army, replacing the old, incompetent generals with young, dynamic ones. It could be a dangerous move, but it's worth the risk.
Abolish Azana's Reform
The Azana's reforms are an offense for the Army. We should let the high command renew itself.
Reinforce The Internal Police
Our country is plundged with chaos and violence, and our authority is dissapearing. We should reinforce all the police corps to ensure they keep order.
Increase Military Funding
Our army is very poorly funded, and our equipment is very obsolete. We should increase military funds in order to get better equipment.
Modernize The Infantry
The limits for what equipment can be carried by infantry are constantly being pushed. We will focus on giving our troops the best tools availabl
Artillery Academy Funds
Artillery is one of the pillars of spanish army, it shouldn't be ignored in our modernization program!
Renew Officer Corps
It is time to remodelate our officer corps. New military thinkers shall be promoted, and old guards demoted.
£tech_mod Military Academies
Following the precedent of the Military Academy of Zaragoza, more military academies should be opened to have better tacticians and leaders.
Battle Simulations
It is essential to know what tactics are feasible and what tactics are not. This can be archieved conducting large scale war games.
Army Motorization
Mobility and protection are crucial to get infantry into and out of the field safely. Focusing on these developments will allow us to take action quickly.
Create New Tank Models
We can no longer rely on foreign lend-leased tanks. We must produce our own models!
Verdeja Models
The light-medium Verdeja tanks are looking good, and they are purely spanish. We should focus on them more.
Army Mechanization
Rethinking the possibilities of motorized infantry, we can push the limits of what vehicles can be constructed today.
Nuclear Effort
Standing on the edge of a world-changing discovery, we cannot let others light the fire that may one day consume the Earth.
Rocketry Effort
Rocket and jet engines allow for unprecedented speeds for unmanned and manned vessels alike. Pioneering these technologies will allow us to take the enemy by surprise.
Expand SECN
The SECN was founded in the early XX century and it gives us excellent services. An expansion of SECN dockyards would be advisable.
Construction Of Navalbases
To sustain a fleet, we need naval infraestructure, and we are lagging behind in that. We need to build more navalbases!
Fortify The Baleares
The Baleares are in danger in case of a naval invasion. We must fortify them.
Fortify The Canarias
The Canarias are in danger in case of a naval invasion. We must fortify them.
Atlantic Fleet
We should forget about the Mediterranean, a mere training lake. The Atlantic domination will be our objective!
Mediterranean Fleet
Spain is a Mediterranean country and the control of this old sea should be our priority. It will be Our Sea!
Fleet In Being
There's no need of reinventing the wheel in naval warfare. Conventional surface battles will be the pillar of naval warfare in the years to come.
Trade Interdiction
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Submarine Projects
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Modernize Light Ships
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, the smaller cruisers are in need of replacement.
Modernize Transport Ships
The naval invasions allow our groud troops to attack behind enemy lines and occupy ungarrisoned cities and factories. To execute them properly, we need better transports.
Create The SMIC
The Spanish Marine Infantry Corps will surely help us in getting a bteer control over the mediterranean coasts.
Proyect SAIC
Following the model of the SMIC, the Spanish Aerial Infantry Corps will add an element of surprise to our army.
Battleship Proyects
In both the Atlantic and the Mediterranean, battleships are a good investment. We should try to build a few.
Carrier Proyects
Modern battle fleets will be centered on aircraft carriers. The supremacy of air power over ships was demonstrated by the Americans back in 1921!
Advanced Aereo-Naval Operations
We will continue pursuing naval aviation and carriers to fully integrate our airforce and our navy.
Revitalize IBERIA
The air company IBERIA has to be revitalized to ensure the strength of our civilian airlines.
Invest in CASA
We must invest in our military air company Construcciones Aereonáuticas S. A. That will give us an air production boost.
Expand LAPE
It's very important to expand Líneas Aéreas Postales Españolas, to strenghten connection between our cities, helping our economy.
Seize Civilian Planes
We are at war with the enemies of the Spanish People! We will seize civilian planes for military uses, that will ensure our control of the skies!
Bomber Focus
Bomber Focus
Fighter Focus
Fighter Focus
Focus On Fighters
We have not seen that last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
Focus On Bombers
When people of the future speak of the horror to today's wars, fire raining from the skies will prominently feature. We will do our best to ensure those stories are told by our enemies.
Improve Heavy Fighters
Our Heavy Fighters must be able to support the more vulnerable bomber airplanes. This requires heavier armament and longer range at the cost of some speed.
Air-Sea Operations
Enemy fleets shouldn't be safe from the strikes of our fearsome airforce!
Close Air Support
A modern army needs support from vehicles not only on the ground, but also in the air
Improve Pilot Training
We may have modern planes, but if they are managed by incompetent pilots they will end up in flames. We need to avoid this situations.
New Air Doctrines
Air combat has changed from the Great War, and out tactics and doctrines should do so.
Airforce Academies
Found specific pilot academies all around Spain, to allow us to have better pilots and air tactics.
Takeover of Civilian Factories
In times of war, a government can take extreme measures to support the war effort. One of those measures is to take control of civilian factories and convert them into military factories.
Takeover
Develop New Doctrines
If we are to be a formidable force, we must develop our land doctrines as to not fall behind everyone else.
Develop Doctrines
Equipment Effort
Let's improve our infantry equipment and artillery pieces.
Equipment Effort
Expand Officer Corps
Let's expand our officer corps. Perhaps if we bring in a new generation of young officers into the General Staff, we could develop new doctrines for our army.
Expand Officer
Motorize our Army
A motorized army will be much more effective in encircling the enemy and capturing territory. Perhaps we should develop such an army.
Motorize
Mechanization Effort
We can push the mobility of our army even further, by giving out troops extra protection through mechanized infantry vehicles.
Mechanization Effort
Develop New Doctrines
We must ensure that our military doctrines stay up to date. Perhaps we can even develop certain doctrines ahead of our enemies.
Develop Doctrines
Artillery Research
Our experiences with building forts show that we will need larger artillery pieces and more powerful anti-tank guns if we are to pierce enemy fortifications.
Artillery Research
Domestic Tank Designs
We can develop our own armoured designs. While they may not be as advanced as the ones which the major military powers develop, they will at least be Spanish!
Domestic Tanks
Foreign Tank Designs
We are on friendly terms with a nation which produces powerful tanks. If we can persuade one of our friends to assist us in developing a new tank, we will end up with a much more advanced design than what our designers could come up with by themselves.
Foreign Tanks
Standardization of Weapons and Doctrines
We should standardize our weapons and doctrines, to ensure that we plan and train to use our most modern weapons while also preparing for weapons of the future. This will make it easier for us to develop new tactics and doctrines for our army.
Standardization
Encourage the economy in Spanish Morroco
Encourage the economy in Spanish Morroco
Expand Civilian Industry in Spanish Morroco
Expand Civilian Industry in Spanish Morroco
Military expansion in Spanish Morroco
Military expansion in Spanish Morroco
Expand the Dockyards in Spanish Morroco
Expand the Dockyards in Spanish Morroco
Development in Morroco
The communists control the military
The anarchists control the military
The Liberals control the military
Limited Democratic reforms
Alliance with Portugal

Assuming Direct Control
Revise Our Regime
Fight the Crisis
Restore the Bulgarian Army
Greater Bulgaria
£tech_mod Sign Salonika Agreement
Ignore the Neuilly-sur Seine Treaty
VMZ Sopot
Treaty of Friendship with Yugoslavia
Expand Civil Facilities
Re-arm Ourselves
Acquire T-11
Bulgarisation
Re-arm the Airforce
The Lyastovitsa
The Papagal
Air Innovations
Research Treaty with Italy
Airfields for Germany
Bulgarian Arms
Slavic Mentality
Acquire Panzer IV
Maintain Soviet Diplomats
Reinforce Tsarist Navy
Destroyer Effort
Podvodnik
Dockyards of Varna
Mobile Navy
£tech_mod Bulgarian Research Committee
£tech_mod Bulgarian Research Institutes
Bulgarian Infrastructure
License German Equipment
License Soviet Equipment
Allied Research Support
Krali Marko Line
Black Sea Operations
Prosveta Publishing House
Acquire P-38
Bulgarian Ports
Permit German Troops
§RThis will unlock an additional research slot.§!
Nadezhda
Blacktrap Power Navy
Across the Seas
The Fazan
The Tchutchuliga Project
Strategic Bomber Focus
The Skywalkers
Political Force
Bulgarian Resentment
Re-assert Western Claims
Expand Storage Facilities
With the current political climate we may need a stockpile
German Arm Deliveries
Deal with the Macedonians
Satisfy the Macedonians
Honour Slavic Allegiance
Join The Comintern
Peasant Conviction
Royal Communism
The People's Republic Concept
Sign the Tripartite Pact
Join The Axis
Expel Soviet Diplomats
Dedication to the Axis
The Wrong Axis
Negotiate with the Soviets
Align with the West
Appease to the Allies
Deal with the Allies
Balkan Alignment
Befriend Greece
Befriend Romania
Alliance with the Entente
Formalise the Balkan Entente
Albanian Inheritance
Local Armour Innovation
Over the Balkans
Protect the Balkans
Cumerio Med
Girdap
Across the Land
Bulgarian Electronics
Steel Exports
Global Detection
Institute for Nuclear Research
Jet Fighters
Derhavna Samoletna Fabrika
Retake Thrace
Soviet T-34
Bulgarian DAR Trainers
Dismantle the Government
Depose the King
Local Anti-tank Innovation
Interventionism
Adhere to the Neuilly-sur Seine Treaty
We can not risk angering the great powers
Bulgaria's Golden Age
With the focus on the economy things are looking up
Patrol Romanian Air Space
Romania's oil fields are vital to the war effort, we can do our part by directing our fighters to patrol them
Fire and Steel
More work is needed
Training Drills
With Turkey moving their troops to our border we would be wise to ensure we are ready for any aggression
Defensive Focus
You can never be too careful
Support
Improve our support
Assuming direct control of the government allows us to have perfect control of our country and to oust all who are against us.
Revising our Regime will give control of the country to the Prime Minister, but will make us favourable with the Western Powers.
Bulgaria was hit hard by the crisis. United as a country, we must band together to defeat the crisis, or collapse under it separately.
Since the end of the Great War, our army has been a disgrace to the community. Part of this is to be blamed on the peace treaty, but also on our lack of doing something about it. We should reorganise the army.
Ever since the Great War we've had the concept of a Greater Bulgaria. Now we're an independent and strong power, we finally have the ability to pursue that.
One of the first things we should do is cancel the restrictions placed on us. We can do so by signing a treaty with the Greeks and the other members of the Balkan Entente.
The results of our loss during World War I are still apparent. As opposed to following Western order however, we should attempt to secretly re-arm ourselves.
VMZ Sopot can provide us with weapons for the infantry, munitions and artillery. VMZ Sopot might be crucial to the restoration of the Bulgarian army.
We should start restoring relations with Yugoslavia. We are much alike and they could be a valuable ally in what's to come.
In order to further fight the crisis, it'd best that we improve the industry by means of constructing more factories, and as a result, enlist more people.
As part of our plan of re-arming, the first thing to do is to enhance our military production. We do this by building more factories and enlisting more people.
A first step to modernising the Bulgarian army is the acquirement of military vehicles. Not just trucks, we also need tanks. We can acquire the T-11 tank easily.
Bulgarisation is the process that we plan to perform in Greece against the Greek people. Basically, we change their entire culture to fit into our style, or they die.
Re-arming the Bulgarian airforce should be one of our top priorities. If we are to prepare for an upcoming conflict, then the airforce is crucial to it.
We should focus our efforts on the fighters, as opposed to bombers. We need the fighters to rule the skies.
Instead of a light airforce, we should focus on bombers and destroy the enemy from the air.
We should update our tactics in the sky, and correct our mistakes of the Great War.
Italy is one of the leading innovators when it comes to sky warfare. We should request their help in the updating of our airforce.
It might be beneficial for both us and the Germans that we permit the Germans to use our airbases. For if we are in favour with the Germans, they might reward us.
Bulgarian gun manufacturing needs to be restarted. It collapsed as a result of our failure during the Great War, and now we can solve it.
The Slavic peoples are known for their physical and mental strength. If we are to be unbreakable in order to win, then we shall become so.
We can produce a local variant of the Panzer IV, mounted with a ZiS-3 gun. It is to be one of our first domestically produced tanks.
Maintaining Soviet diplomats will help us in the long run, by doing so we will be able to restore relations with out Slavic brothers once again.
The Bulgarian navy has suffered greatly from the consequences of the Great War. If we are to reconstruct it, we are going to do this on our own.
The Bulgarian navy can make good use of destroyers, being connected to the Black Sea, in which destroyers are used to their best effect.
Based on the Podvodnik 18, a Bulgarian submarine from the Great War, we could build a number more submarines in order to reinforce the Bulgarian navy.
We should put our effort on producing a concentrated dockyard area to produce ships at. The ideal place is Varna, one of our biggest cities.
As Bulgarians we would never be able to focus on producing capital ships and other heavy ships of the likes, so instead we should focus on building a bigger navy instead.
In order to advance quicker, we are to focus our efforts on research.
We should have our institutes and universities focus on progressing, as it is important that we stay up to date on technology if we are to compete with the other nations.
The infrastructure has suffered greatly from both the Great Depression and from our losses during the Great War. We are to recover from that if we want to make our country strong once again.
We need to upgrade our equipment, but until then we can ask other nations for their technology. Our best bet is Germany, by far, as they have the best technology around.
One way to upgrade our army is to deploy Soviet equipment in our army. Soviet equipment is better than that of any of our potential enemies, and they might be willing to agree.
Joining with our allies, we are more likely to achieve things than we otherwise would. It would be a good idea to percieve this.
The Krali Marko Line is our way of defending our country from foreign aggression. In order to build the line, we are to use the equipment supplied by our allies.
In order to maintain our naval control of the Black Sea, we must arm ourselves with marines, for in the event of a war in the Black Sea, we'll be ready.
In order to maintain our decryption research and electronics, we should appoint a company. This will help us in the long run as it ensures that we stay up to date.
Part of our modernisation is the acquiring of modern vehicles. We can acquire the Czech Praga P-38 for a relatively low price. We should consider that.
In order to be fully prepared for anything that may stand against us, we need to ensure a route of supply can be maintained by our docks, as such, we should expand them.
A steady and Stable Government
A government loyal to the King but also to the country
Support from the Army

The Nadezhda was a torpedo boat in the Bulgarian Navy, by the Bulgarians considered to be a light cruiser. We should take the design and upgrade it to accomodate a modern fleet.
Rather than a big fleet of smaller ships, we should instead field a fleet of heavier ships which accomodates a smaller fleet.
Our navy is far from up-to-date, now one way to accomodate a modern fleet, is to have modern transports. This should be one of our primary goals.
In support of our army, we require the production and deployment of close air support fighters. We should upgrade our airforce to support this.
While fighters are decent, we need multi-purpose heavy fighters to win the war in the air.
Medium bombers are good and well, but we need strategic bombers, to reach both ends of our enemy's country.
Paratroopers are vital to good cooperation between the ground force and the airforce, and we need them to fight our enemy. May the Force be with us.
Rebuilding our country is vital to our survival, but opening our political spectrum would help us in doing so.
The Bulgarians long resent their Balkan neighbours over their losses during the Balkan Wars. We should recognise this and use it in our advantage.
We've lost plenty of territory in the past thirty years, we should let the world know that we still desire these territories.
We should try to undermine the treaty of Neuilly-sur-Seine, the United Kingdom has said it'll allow us in the face of immediate external threats, and who better to ask than Germany?
For too long have the Macedonians undermined our government. We should deal with IMRO as soon as possible - through whatever means.
The most effective way to deal with the Macedonians is to appease them. Sacrifices will have to be made, but in the end it'll be worth it.
Our true origins lay far away from here. We should show this to the Soviets, the leading Slavic country. Our loyalty should be only to them.
In accomodation to the Soviets, we shall request to join the Comintern. This will naturally make them happy, and we will be protected, and our bond with our Slavic brothers will only be stronger.
If our subjects believe in a successful Communist regime, then we will be just fine in our pursuit of true global collectivism.
Our regime maintains Tsar Boris, but only as a figurehead. He will not have any real power, and the Communist Council will be assembled to lead the country.
Keeping the Tsar would show weakness. We'll show our true strength by establishing the People's Republic.
Germany would rather that we sign the Tripartite Pact and formally align with them. This would definitely help us on the go, but it could prove fatal in the long run.
In order to appease the Germans, we should permit the Germans access to our territory to station troops in, if need be.
We have appeased Germany enough, signing the Tripartite Pact and allowing them access were the two steps needed to join the Axis, and we shall request to.
We should show our loyalty and dedication to aiding the German cause, by expelling the Soviet diplomats from our country. Striking against our own brethren will convince them of our loyalty.
Our dedication to the Axis proves fruitful, as our country seems to be more supporting of Fascism. Hristo Lukov would be a wise choice when we elect our leader.
It appears we have chosen to join the wrong alliance. The Axis Powers aren't strong enough to protect us, and we maintained the Soviet diplomats. Time to make use of them.
It is time we start negotiating with the Soviets about our possible entry into the Comintern. We should secure our own survival before that of the Germans, and the Soviets can help with that.
In face of the immediate threats in Europe, our only area of safety is in the Allies, under protection of Western Europe.
The Allies have made it known that they support Nikola Mushanov as the Prime Minister with his Democratic Party. Installing Mushanov's regime will greatly help our cause.
No more shady backdoor deals, the world may know that Bulgaria is now a formal member of the Allies, for all that is good.
In order to advance our agenda, we should perform some alignment changes. Either we align with the Balkans, or we align, the Balkans.
Our decades long rivalry with Greece should come to an end. It's all been fun and well, but now is the time to band together.
Our northern neighbour, Romania, doesn't like us a whole lot. It is time to change that, so that the Balkans will stand together and won't be picked off one by one.
Being a part of the Entente system is good, but we should consider reaffirming it, so we can stand up to those who seek to invade us.
Now that we have appeased Yugoslavia, Romania and Greece, we should consider joining the Balkan Entente. The Balkan Entente will keep us strong.
Not only is Albania Slavic, Albania used to be part of the great Bulgarian Empires. It is time we amend the situation and remind them that their independence depends on our mercy.
Rather than relying on external sources for our armoured equipment, we should devise and produce our own. That way we'll always be secure.
Mountaineer divisions are of good use in the Balkans. Research into them and deploying them will help us immensely in the long run.
In order to protect the Balkans, we need to set up an impenetrable line of forts and secure them with our military.
Cumerio Med was a manufacturing company in Bulgaria which focused on materials and resources used by the Bulgarian government and army.
We should secure funds from the Girdap bank in Bulgaria, they can fund many government projects and give us support in some areas where we're less inclined to help.
We should upgrade our infrastructure all across the land. As it is, our roads aren't brilliant, and to support our future military movements, this is a good start.
Electronics research is a step into the future. We should realise plans to step into said future.
While Bulgaria does not have a tremendous amount of steel, it is enough to support the Bulgarian needs, and even export, to a minimal level.
The next step from electronics is to advance to the supposed RADAR, an improvised plan which should allow us to view surroundings all around us with ease. Mythical.
If Bulgaria is to advance with time, then it is of the utmost importance that we start our own research on Nuclear power.
While our old fighters accomodate our military as it is. It won't stay that way, and how better than to advance with a jump?
Derhavna Samoletna Fabrika is a Polish factory set-up in Bulgaria to produce several Polish fighters locally for the Bulgarian military.
Thrace is nominally ours! Prior to the second Balkan War, Thrace was core Bulgarian territory, and those filthy Greeks have stolen it from us! We should take it back at all costs!
If we are to acquire Soviet technology, then we shall acquire the T-34, their main battle tank. We shall put in effort to acquire the tank.
The Bulgarian company DAR has built plenty of trainer aircraft in the past. Perhaps we could utilise these trainers for our pilots to fly in and gain experience as they go.
The government has betrayed Tsar Boris!  We need to eliminate the opposition before they attempt a coup d'état!
It is time we finally eliminate the false king. He no longer deserves to lead Bulgaria.
As a country, Bulgaria can't produce tanks well enough to counter other countries, as such, we need to look to other methods to deal with tanks.
It is our time to make the world secure. Having beaten it so much in the past, we get the chance to redeem ourselves.
Anti-tank Guns
§RThis may provoke Macedonian aggression.§!
The Fuel Gateway
Bulgaria's postion near the Romanian Oil Fields, the Black sea and the turkish straits make us ideal to ensure vital supplies are given to those that have aided us\n §YIf other Countries have expressed their friendship with us they will also gain fuel
Mine the Blacksea
There is no chance to engage the Russian fleet in a head on battle, instead we will work with our black sea allies to prevent them from reaching our shores
Bogdan Filov has been elected into office
Boris III has been charged supreme leader
Permit German troops access to Bulgaria.
The Will of the People
Our People are happy with our direction and soon our country will be led to greatness
Long Live the King

Institute for Medical Research

Institute for Rocket Research

Recruitment Programes


This will take about 120 days to implement.\n
This will take about 150 days to implement.\n
This will take about 180 days to implement.\n
Destroy Yellow River Dykes

Dalai Lama
The Dalai Lama is the son of a peasant family in a small village of Amdo as revealed by the direction of the scarfs of the oracles and the visions of the regent.
Young Dalai Lama
The Dalai Lama is the son of Yabshi Phawpön. He was chosen because the horse of the previous Dalai Lama escaped and stopped in front of the house of the child, waiting for his reincarnated master like Tibet waiting for the return of his ruler.
Furious Monasteries
Unhappy Monasteries
Satisfied Monasteries
Happy Monasteries
Monasteries Elated
Recovery Teams
Centralize Power
Soviet Military Mission
Chinese Political Commissars
Military Police Repression Techniques
Military Faction
Secularization
Build a Strong State
Build Greater Tibet

Electrified Laboratories
Call for Reform
As the regent wants to abdicate, an opportunity for a deep reform of the state suddenly appeared. With the competition of the British model and the systems but in place in China and elsewhere. The future of Tibet is now on the balance and a new path will is opening for the highest country in the world.
The Chinese Model
We must look west towards China if we want to find a model for Asian Modernity. Which Chinese faction though? That is not yet settled.
Study the British Constitution
If we want to establish a modern state, we will have to establish a balanced legal system. In order to do that we can try to copy the British system. A subtle equilibrium between a strong parliament and a monarch. That way the future of the Dalai Lama will be ensured and we could benefit from the full support of the reformists and the British mission.
Free Lungshar and Implement Reforms
A few years ago, the aristocrat Lungshar tried to implement democratic reforms. His \"conspiracy\" was unmasked, he was arrested and his eyes were cruelly removed. Even if he was tortured and jailed at the time, his plan is still the best guideline we have in order to implement democratic reforms in the country.
Reopen the British School of Gyantse
For a few years during the 1920's, a British School existed in the town of Gyantse and formed the future of the Tibetan elite by opening their eyes to the modern science and the outside world. While it was closed after the Monasteries complained that they lost their monopoly on knowledge, it is time to reopen the school and form a new generation to modern techniques.
Reform the National Assembly
Under the traditionnal system the national assembly had few powers but was essential in order to represent the interests of the aristocracy to the Dalai Lama and his regent. With proper reforms and the implementation of parlementarianism, this group will be opened to new interests and will have the power to oppose the decisions of the monarch.
Constitutional Theocracy
By combining constitutionalism and theocratic elements, we will be able to ensure democratic rights while maintaining his holiness of the Dalai Lama as our head of state. The new constitution has been approved by the national assembly and should now receive the seals of the Ganden Thripa and the two tutors of the Dalai Lama in order to form an unalterable \"great oath\" (mna' gan mthu mo che) and become law.
British Guarantees
With our close ties to the British mission, we can now ask for an official treaty of guarantees in order to maintain our security in this difficult time.
Ask for a British Commander
In order to ensure a good leadership of our army, we should ask the British to allow Philip Neame to supervise our military plans.
Reduce Monasteries Influence
The monks who had the monopoly on knowledge and a privileged access to political structures before the reforms now see that they are losing influence day by day. Their anger is understandable but also an obstacle to modernization that must be overcome.
Dual Educational System
The monks who had the monopoly on knowledge and a privileged access to political structures before the reforms now see that they are losing influence day by day. Their anger is understandable and we must try to reach for a compromise between religious and western education.
£tech_mod Reformed Tsikhang and Tse Laptra Schools
Through countless reforms we have finally begun to open to modern techniques and sciences. We can only contemplate our backwardness and try to improve our situation.
Restart Möndö's Field Survey
After his return from England, Möndö began to look for interesting ores in Tibet (especially gold). But as he was accused of disturbing spirits and spoiling crops, he was forbidden to continue. Now that we have reduced the influence of the monks, we should encourage his to restart his researches
Exploit the Findings
Now that we have identified now ore deposits, we can increase the production.


Empower the Military Faction
Once the call for reform was known, the first group to respond was logically the military. They were calling for reforms for years and have been repeatedly blocked in their political desires and even repressed due to the opposition of the monks who feared to lose their role of pivot in the Tibetan society. This time has come now and a new era seem to have begun on the plateau beyond the high mountains.
In order to build a more modern state, we must separate the religious insitutions and restrict the influence of the spiritual powers into temporal matters. The weakness of the regent and the youth of the Dalai Lama make this time a unique window of opportunity in order to reform Tibet.
Fair Treatment of the Dalai Lama
Like the Emperor in China after the revolution of 1911, we don't want to eliminate the Dalai Lama but simply control him by restricting him to the Potala palace.
Control the Monasteries
Considering the opposition expressed by the monks and their desire to regain power, we can't allow them to plot a coup to reestablish an absolutist theocratic government.
Invite Chinese Officials
Due to the link between the organization and the goal of the military faction and the Kuomingtang party in China, it's a logical move to invite Chinese officials and ease the tensions at the border.
Join the Front
The Chinese are in danger and as one of the 5 races, it's our duty to help them and fight the invaders.
Negotiated Chinese Suzerainty
We are one of the races of the Chinese union but we also have our specificities. In order to preserve them, we must negotiate favorable conditions regarding our future within the Republic.
Road to China
To ensure that communication with China is quicker and more reliable, the great road to the west has to be entirely analyzed and sometimes rebuilt.
Mobilization Measures
To ensure our security, we must ensure that our country to resist an attack.


Radical Reforms
We will not live eternally under the oppression of the monks and lamas. They are simply holding all of us in a state of feudal backwardness in order to ensure that they are staying in power. This is no longer tolerable! We must destroy the feudal system and ensure prepare the modernization of the country.
Build a Strong Modern State
Yes, some have been assaulted... but look at the result! We now have our hands free in order to invite manufacturing advisors and support the modernization of the country.
Centralize Power
Too many people are doubting our project! Too many look at the tyrannical past with nostalgy while they are unable to see the bright future that is awaiting us. They must be dealt with swiftly if our project must be fully implemented.
Crush the Reactionaries
Considering the opposition expressed by the monks and their desire to regain power, we can't allow them to plot a coup to reestablish an absolutist theocratic government. Therefore they must be dealt with swiftly and efficiently.
Claim Qinghai
Qinghai is comprised of the Tibetan province of Amdo. Historically it is an integral part of greater Tibet and must be freed from their current oppressors.
£tech_mod Modernization With Tibetan Characteristics
I have promised you progress! I have promised you prosperity! This is the most important step! Modernity awaits us!
Restart Möndö's Field Survey
After his return from England, Möndö began to look for interesting ores in Tibet (especially gold). But as he was accused of disturbing spirits and spoiling crops, he was forbidden to continue. Now that we have reduced the influence of the monks, we should encourage his to restart his researches
Exploit the Findings
Now that we have identified now ore deposits, we can increase the production.


The rise of Bapa Wangyal
Coming from the border region inhabited by Tibetans but under Chinese Control, the young Bapa Wengyal formed a small group of students determined to spread marxists-leninists ideas and free the Tibetans from the oppression of the monks and the lamas.
Get Rid of the Spiritual Opiates
The clergymen have exploiting the peasantry for centuries, forcing them to do statute labour while they were looking for an illusionary illumination. This must cease and a new Tibet must be created out of the collective workforce of the liberated peasantry.
Red Monasteries
In the late 1920's, monks were punished for their adhesion to communism. It's proof that communism can grow in the monasteries and change them into fortresses that will be the vanguard of the revolution.
Invite Chinese Commissars
The Chinese Communists are a model for all of us! They have freed the peasants and are protecting them from the enemy of the workers. If they accept to send us some advisors, the quality of our army would surely be improved.
Invite Soviet Advisors
In order to improve the quality of our army, we must ask the Soviet Union, if they would accept to send a military mission in order to replace the British one and help to reorganize our army.
Accept the Unity of China
We must recognize that while we are not Hans, we, like the Manchus the Huis and Mongols are still members of the greater union upon which China is founded.
Great Socialist Tibet
It is time to realize the dream of Bapa Wangyal: the unification of all the lands inhabited by Tibetans, free of the tyranny of both the lying monks and the Chinese oppressors.
State Atheism
The monks are the oppressors of the people, they flogged peasants for minor mistakes and to top it all, the regent was a perverse and corrupt man! That mascarade has to end once and for all. The monasteries must be eliminated in order to allow the liberation of the workers.
£tech_mod Climbing the Mountain of Progress
Science is the key to the liberation of the workers and we must ensure that we have access to the latest scientific textbook in order to educate the people and free ourselves from feudal backwardness.
Restart Möndö's Field Survey
After his return from England, Möndö began to look for interesting ores in Tibet (especially gold). But as he was accused of disturbing spirits and spoiling crops, he was forbidden to continue. Now that we have reduced the influence of the monks, we should encourage his to restart his researches
Exploit the Findings
Now that we have identified now ore deposits, we can increase the production.

Resolve the Dispute over Tawang
The border between our country and the British Empire is passing in a remote valley near the village of Tawang. The imprecision of the map create a small problem: some villages have been taxed twice as both sides thought that they were under their juridictions. In order to preserve our good relations with the British, the border must be clearly established.
Search the Dalai Lama
The very reason of the Regent existence is to find the Dalai Lama. After meditation done specifically for that purpose last year and the consultation of oracles, the time has come to start the search for the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama
Traditional Government
In order to ensure the future of the Dalai Lama, the assembly and the regency government must collaborate and ensure the stability of the country.
Dob Dob Vigilance
The Dob dobs are the monks charged to control the other monks. While their usual job is mainly to control the crowds during the festivals, they can potentially punish monks seduced by perverse ideas.
Renounce to Abdicate
The Regent considered to step down for some time. But a delegation of the assembly met him in order to convince him to stay in power in order to ensure the stability of the regency while the Dalai Lama is only beginning his education.
Rely on the Monasteries
The monasteries are the core of the lamaist state and their support is essential to engage into political actions while keeping the social order.
Reintroduce Monastic Taxation
In order to finance the state and the lavish lifestyle of the Regent, the monasteries must contribute to the national budget.
Guard the Borders
Our security could be threatened by a an invasion coming from China. Our border outposts must be reinforced in order to control the border mountain passes more efficiently.

Denounce Regent's Corruption
The regent is not a religious man! He organized orgies with men and women alike and embezzled money in order to enjoy an outrageous lavish lifestyle. He must step down!
Religious Harmony
Now that the morally dubious regent has been replaced, we can ensure the total support of the monasteries.
£tech_mod Foreign Advices
In order to keep the pace with the foreigner, we must bring in some foreign technologies in our country. The best way to achieve that goal is to rely on a few western advisors who could be kept under control
Army Review
By reviewing our army by foreign military advisors, we will be able to have a better idea of our military situation compared to other countries.
Officers Professionalism
One of the big problem of Tibet is that officials are moved from military to civilian duties and the other way around without the possibility to build up and use their experience. In order to have an effective fighting force, we must ensure that officers will stay in the army and retrain them to ensure their proficiency.
Modern Army Structure
To finalize our army reform, we must reorganize our army stucture and integrate some of the militias into a clear military structure.
Train Monks and Clerks as Officers
It would be a rather unpopular move but a necessary decision to conscript educated citizens to strengthen our officer pool.

Build an Air Strip
While not every planes can fly to Tibet, building a reliable air strip is an important step to unite high altitude flights and close air support into one discipline: piloting over Tibet. In addition specific planes must be design because taking off is already an accomplishment at those altitudes.
Small Airframes
Considering that only localized air superiority will be necessary to help the troops on the ground, cheaper smaller aircraft are simply a better choice.
Large Airframes
Considering the size of the country, and the difficulty to fly around high mountains, it is better to have planes able to fly further, above the mountains rather than to zigzag around the untouched summits of the world.
Flight over the Mountains
We now have the capabilities to master air power at the top of the world.

Finance Shipbuilding
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Dockyards§!
The expansion of our navy should be our first priority. Assign all available resources to new Dockyards and research into light surface ships.
Flexible Navy
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Large Navy
Adapting our naval doctrines to accommodate large ships and ensuring the safety of our trade convoys will teach us much about what sort of ships we need.
Submarine Warfare
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy shipping.
Conceive Cruisers
Before making forays into advanced battleship research, the smaller cruisers are in need of replacement.
Design Destroyers
Studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we have also learned how to counter those strategies. Destroyers will be crucial for this.
Interest in Capital Ships
The nation with the most battleships will rule the oceans. Battleships and carriers represent the old and the new in naval superiority.

Buy Machines in India
The path of modernization begins with aquiring what we can't build ourselves. In order to modernize the Drabshi Lekhoung factory, we must travel to India and by machines to increase our productivity.
Begin Milling Steel

Increase Drabshi Lekhoung Output
Now that the machines have arrived, we must assemble them and actually begin production.
Drabshi Lekhoung Arms Production
With the new machines, we could plan to increase the military sections of the industrial complex.
New Production Chains
Only the formation of new workers and the addition of new production chains will enable us to increase arms production.
Dode Valley Power Plant
The Dode Valley power plant is the only source of electricity in the country. It must be expanded in order to power more factories.
Steel Bridges on the Way to Lhasa
In order to ease the travels to and from Lhasa, metallic bridges must be built along the road.
New Industrial Complex
It begin to appear that the Drabshi Lekhoung can't be expanded any more and a new industrial complex must be built elsewhere.
Optimize Production
By focusing on improving our manufacturing techniques we can detect our past mistakes and ensure better productivity
Manufacture .303 Ammunitions
In the past we tried and failed to manufacture the .303 ammunitions. Those were too unreliable and damaged the weapons and the soldiers. With our new manufacturing experience, we can learn from our past mistakes and produce those ammunitions for our machine guns and Lewis guns.
Our Own Artillery
In 1936, we only had 6 artillery pieces (2 being dangerous to fire). It is time to change that situation and authorize the Drabshi Lekhoung to produce shells and guns.
Mountain Artillery Training
Mountains are our domain and if we want to use artillery efficiently, we will have to train specifically for that purpose.
Improve Logistics
In order to fight correctly, we must first bring weapons in a correct location. By improving our transportation capabilities, we will ensure that everybody get the armement where they need it, when the need it.
Spare Parts Recycling
Fighting create waste and damage weapons. But we can't afford to waste any weapon and must do what is necessary to repair weapons and retrieve the left overs of battles.
Combat Mountain Climbers
Now that our army is more closer to modern standards, we can equip some selected men as mountain climbers in order to attack the enemy from the most unexpected positions.
£tech_mod Military Modernization
With our progress in military manufacturing, we can now experiment on new ideas and designs to try to build more advanced equipments.
£tech_mod Modern Research
We must grasp modern science if we want to fill the scientific gap between us and the outside world.
Institute Cross-Border Raids
We won't be taken seriously unless we demonstrate to the world that we are able and willing to fight for our lands. A few small incursions will show our determination and might allow us to seize some undefended territory.
The Idea of Flight



Defense Act

Active Defense
We do not have the capability to overwhelm any major power in Europe today, regardless of our Alliances. Therefore it has been our position to pursue an active defense doctrine and use the dense forests to our advantage. The Finns are calling this Motti tactics and we should practice these tactics in joint exercises.
Adopt Motti Tactics
The King in Council
The King in Council or \"Konungen i Statsrådet\" gives the King the possibility to form his own Cabinet and expel the current government if it is deemed necessary. Several Generals and a strong public activism have urged his Majesty to take charge, in order to pursue a more pragmatic foreign policy and stand by our neighbors.
Protect the Merchant Sailors
We must increase our efforts to protect Merchant Sailors and their Vessels in order to ensure our international trade. The Swedish economy and war effort depends upon these imports and exports.
Atlantic Dockyards
Private Investment
Support the Merchant Industry
Sweden has a long standing ship-building tradition and has a large Merchant fleet. We must make use of this and further support our domestic ship-building capabilities.
Fortify Gulf of Bothnia
Vapenfabrik
Supreme Commander
Industiral Cooperation
Tech Sharing

Stockholm Communiqué
Hansson III Cabinet
Form the National unity government aka. the Hansson III Cabinet.
L&M Ericsson 
Expand Frivilligkåren
Many are sympathetic to the Finnish cause and see it as an extension of our own Foreign Policy, this grants many potential Recruits.
German Advisors
Allow experienced German Commanders to assist, lead and train several of our units to gain efficiency during the War.
Embargo USSR
Embargo Britain
Baltic Mutiny
Explanantion:Estonia 60%(and Latvia 40% likelyness)will rise up against USSR. 10Days later 1Lightcruiser 2Destroyers 1Sub will be captured and sent to sweden from Tallinn.
Non-Belligerence
Polistrupper
In a covert Operation Danish and Norwegian Volounteers will be trained as \"Police Officers\" in Sweden and later fight on our side to liberate Denmark and Norway.
Guarantee Finland
NSAP Coalition Government
After the Åland Convention has been revoked the SAP is splitt. Form a Coalition Government with the NSAP nationalists to take power.
SKP Coalition Government
After the Åland Convention has been revoked the SAP is splitt. Form a Coalition Government with the SKP communists to take power.
Gothenburg Communiqué
Malmö Communiqué
American Engineers
Danish Ultimatum
Join or Die
Ranger Academy AJS
Arméns Jägarskola trains the Swedish special forces and elite soldiers to give us an advantage in multilatteral warfare.
Common Production Standard
Sweden is the Industrial driving force in Scandinavia today and most other industries rely upon our products for their manufacturing. By formalizing common production standards we can make production much more efficient and coordinate any changes with our allies.
Beredskap
Ready your armed forces and prepare them to defend Sweden against any foreign threat.
Arrest Royalists
The King has obstructed our path to power for long enough. Despite his popularity a Monarch cannot be the head of state for our glorious nation. We must take charge and force him to leave office and get rid of top department Heads, many of whom are Royalists. Revolutionary elements of our party have already hinted at plans to arrest them and the Royal Family.
Abolish the Monarchy
The King is a dedicated anti-Bolshevist and cannot be allowed to continue to opress the People anymore, we must abolish the Monarchy.
Folkhemmet
We must spread the People's home by creating our own faction.
Fund Norwegian Communists
Fund Norwegian Unions and Communist politicians to increase our influence in the region. If we have good relations to the Norwegians maybe we can bring about another Union?
A Deal with the USSR
Give the Soviets Control of Karelia in exchange for entrance in to their faction and their support to push for Communism in Norway, through substantial subversive efforts.
Flyglottakåren
Enlist Female Pilots into your Pilot programs.
Murmansk Research City
Share technology with the USSR.
Scandinavian Socialist Union
Form the fourth Union with Norway and join both your countires into a Scandinavian Socialist Union. History has and will be on our side again as we stand together as one Country.
Supply Icelandic Nationalists
Icelanders have long sought Independence from Denmark and some are ready to fight for their own country. We must arm the Nationalists.
Icelandic Mutiny
Icelandic Nationalists have been trained and armed extensively by us, now we must help them to secure their independence. However, we are not sure how the Danes will respond.
Stridsbåtar
Develop small, agile boats armed with machineguns and plenty of space to transport our Marines and speed up invasions.
Axis Leanings
Draw closer to Germany and align our politics to a potential membership in the Axis.
Krupp Tech Sharing
Starts tech sharing with Germany.
Our Own Empire
Found our own faction and promote our intrests in the Baltic.
Bofors Nobelkrut
Encourage Domestic Arms Manufacturing
Bofors is our largest and perhaps most important arms manufacturer. They build some of the most capable and qualitative Guns in the World. By helping them to modernize their Nobelkrut facilities we can increase production output of certain equipment and their largest Shareholder Axel Wenner-Gren will advice the department of defense in the proper rearmament of our country.
Signals Intelligence FRA
Currently our Intelligence Services and the Cipher Office are scattered across the armed forces and the Defence Staff. We must reorganize them into their own department the FRA.
£tech_mod Military Science
Our Military must be ready for the future
Intelligence Agency FRA
Implement the Intelligence Office of the Defence Staff to reduce foreign espoinage activity. UNDK is short for Underrättelsekontoret which is part of Försvarsstaben.
Kustartilleriets Skjutskola

Coastal Gunnary School KAS
Archipelago Bases
Geheimfernschreiber Cipher
Bring the brilliant Mathematician Arne Beurling on to the Crypto Department and give him and his team the recources to further our Cipher efforts.
Nydqvist & Holm Flygmotorfabriker
As the German Luftwaffe has many constraints put upon it after the treaty of Versailles, the Germans wish to practice StuKa dive-bombing operations in Sweden in which we are welcome to join.
Skifferoljeaktiebolaget
Arméstaben
Organize the Army Staff Office as part of our military re-organization. The staff will from now on answer to the Defense Staff and the Supreme Commander instead of the Head of State.
Mechanized Combat
Modern Combat is increasingly Mechanized and we need to consider this when we develop our battle doctrines.
Royal Military Academy Karlberg
The Royal Military Academy Karlberg can be expanded further to accommodate more officers and bring forth more experience to the front.
Fund Carl Gustafs Gevärsfaktori
Carl Gustafs Gevärsfaktori is a high quality small arms designer seeking to make the next technological leap for modern weapons
Gunnary School ArtSS
Artilleriskjutskolan will train our artillery to be more efficient in the field.
Reaktions Motor
Jet-Motor
Start the devleopment of jet-engines that can power both modern aircraft and ballistic misslies.
Kärnvapenprogrammet
Instruct the FOA to begin a Nuclear Research Program \"Kärnvapenprogrammet\".
Winter Equipment
We must give our Infantry Winter equipment so that they can face the enemy at an advatange in the tough Arctic terrain of northern Europe.
Order Armored Terrain Cars
Pansarterrängbilar are robust armored cars which can operate in rough terrain and take our infantry safely into combat.
Contract Landsverk
Landsverk is a Landskrona based armor company, competing to produce swedish built tanks for our defence.
Flygstaben
Organize the Aviation Staff Office as part of our military re-organization. The staff will from now on answer to the Defense Staff and the Supreme Commander instead of the Head of State.
Flygverkstäderna
We have not seen that last of dogfights in the Great War. Keeping ahead in the development of fighter planes will give us an edge in the future.
SAAB Twin Engine Planes
SAAB is a high-tech aluminum aircraft producer, ready to prodcue a range of planes for our Royal Airforce.
The Barrel & The Lance
Saab has made major developments in the last years and their Aircrafts are becoming ever more competitive. They are now looking to develop our own jet fighters, nicknamed the Barrel and the Lance.
Dive Bombers
It is essential to any army that we acquire Dive Bombers for Close Air Support.
Torpedo Bombers
Torpedo Bombers have started to show great promise in naval warfare.
Bulltofta & Kavaheden
Build the Airfields of Bulltofta near Malmö and Kavaheden in Lapland. Sweden is vast and it is absolutely essential to have numerous Airfields in order to reach aerial superiority.
Pilot Academy FlygS
Some nations have begun to enlist women into their pilot programs. We have decided only to enlist the best men with a real gung ho attitude for extensive pilot training. They will be well prepared for the harsh scandinavian weather conditions and future dogfights with our enemy.
Manoeuvre Getingen
Combat Pilots
Implement Pilot training program Bulldogen to practice manoeuvres which will increase capabilities for several aircraft classes.
J-22 Steel Fighter
Order Bo Lundgren to construct a Steel-framed version of the J-22, to fill the need of fighter aircraft inspite of the current Aluminium shortages. This fighter is comparable to the 1940's SpitFire and uses steel instead of aluminium as raw material.
Iron Ore Line
Northern Railways
Support the Industry in northern Sweden and expand the infrastructure in key areas near the Iron Ore Line.
Southern Railways
Build additional railways through Skåne and Småland to enhance transport capabilities between the Öresund and the Stockholm.
Finance State-owned Enterprises
Finance State-owned Enterprises to expand the workforce and lower unemployment, while boosting homegrown production output.
Develop Weekly Index
The Riksbank has developed a new, weekly index of consumer prices. This was necessary as the goal is to “give the public certain definite stand points for estimating future developments in prices.” Consequently, the new index is designed to include a wide range of goods and services that reflected purchases made by average families in Sweden. This will ensure that the purchasing power of the Krona could be measured for most individuals correctly. The weekly inflation was then computed by weighing the percent change in each good and service consumed by the fraction of total consumer expenditure that households allocated to this item
Trelleborg Rubber Factory
Trelleborgs Gummifabrik is an important supplier of rubber and synthetic materials, much needed resources for advanced machinery and warplane production.
Aluminium Company
The Swedish Aluminum Company (SAKO) is looking to expand its processing capabilities by building a processing plant in Sundsvall. Sponsor them to increase their output of high quality Aluminum.
Ball Bearing Factory
Swedish Ball Bearings are of very high quality and are being used in advanced machinery across the world.
Organize the Mechanical Works
The Mechanical Works are manufacturing companies providing the industry with essential parts, not least for our Arms Manufacturers. Organize their efforts and expand their facilities to boost their deliveries to SAAB, Bofors and Landsverk.
Aluminium Substitute
To cope with the heavy demand and low supply of Aluminium, several Government efforts such as recycling and re-working steel into an anluminium substitute have to be implemented.
£tech_mod Industrial Research
Our industrial expansion and other recent advances might allow us to conduct more R&D in parallel.
£tech_mod Research Institute FOA
Millitary Research
The rapid industrialization of our nation has opened up new opportunities in R&D that we should pursue.
Försvarets Forskningsanstalt
Research Institute FOA
It is tempting to expend all extra resources into developing tanks and planes, but the secret to winning wars lies in whole new fields of science; electronics, rocketry and nuclear research.
Stockholms Örlogsvarv
Stockholm Shipyards
Marinverkstäderna
The expansion of our navy should be our first priority. Assign all available resources to build more Dockyards to our already existing \"Örlogsvarv\".
Marinstaben
Reinventing naval warfare to account for the advances in submarine technology will allow us to strike efficiently against enemy convoys.
Evaluate Naval Doctrine
Thus far our Navy has avoided open sea battles and our entire strategy relies on the shallow coastline which is hard to maneuver for our enemies. It is time to re-evaluate our Naval Doctrines and asses what the naval battles of modern warfare will require.
Control the Baltic Sea
Its is essential to our intrests to control the Baltic Sea as best we can. If possible we would strive to dominate this Region to protect our extensive shoreline.
Refurbish Cruisers
It is essential that we should refurbish our Cruiser classes which are currently in production, so that they can challange any other modern navy in the Baltic.
Order Modern Destroyers
Joint Ship Building
Bergrum
Jagare
Sweden is quite capable of building high quality destroyers. As technological progress is ever advancing, we must ensure that our Destroyers are up to moderns standards.
Wolfpack
Ubåtsflottiljen
This Submarine effort can give a small nation like ours a decisive advantage to attack enemy Convoys and to perform stealthy attacks on Capitalships.
Swedish Consolidation
Swedes across the Baltic must stand together as one People and protect one anothers intrests. Many live in Finland and some in Estonia, by focusing on a unification of our people we can expand our cores to the provinces of eastern Finland. That is if we can take them.
Southern Railways
Build additional railways through Skåne and Småland to enhance transport capabilities between the Öresund and the Stockholm.
Develop the Aircraft Industry
The Civilian Aircraft Indusrty has taken off in latter years and is starting to produce competitive Planes for the international market. As our Airforce barley has any Warplanes we must encourage producers like ASJA, SAAB and Nohab Flygmotorfabriker to increase their efforts to produce modern Fighters.
Flygmotorfabriker
Bergrum
Motorized Standardization
Public Construction Investments
To stimulate our domestic construction market and expand our industrial efforts, we can let the government make Investments into Public Construction Companies.
Industiral Expansion
Lottorna
Lottorna is a Women's Auxiliary organisation which conscripts Women to replace Men in some less essential areas of our defence since 1924. Now we can organize them into the 3 armed branches so that they will participate in acitve service.
Scandinavian Isolation
It is in our interest to uphold the Nordic Rules of Neutrality and better our relations with our neighbors. This is of far greater importance to us than any disagreements in continental Europe. By signing the Stockholm Communiqué we strengthen the ties amongst the Nordic countries.
Kustartilleriet
Coastal Artillery
Instruct Kustartilleriet to build defensive structures along the coastline and fortify our ports to prepare the homeland for potential naval invasions. Furthermore enhance the Havsbandslinjen to strenghten our defences in the Stockholm Archipelago.
Skånelinjen
Construct the defensive line also called the Per Albin line to protect the souther shoreline.
Gotska Flygfält
Construct a series of airfields and anit-aircraft guns on Gotland
Kalixlinjen
Defensive structures along the Torne river to protect eastern landborder.
Export Based Economy
Strenghten our trade by making our economy even more well suited for the international trade of the modern world.
Foreign Involvement
Look outword and strengthen your leverage in Scandinavia.
Åbo Conference
Form the historic Alliance with Finland that many military leaders and politicians on both sides of the Gulf have pushed for. Our independence stands and falls at the Karelian Isthmus.
Finnish Arms Cooperation
Cooperate in the small arms production with Finalnd to make efficiency gains.
Nordic Evacuees
Many Baltic Refugees fled to Sweden during WW2, and several Swedish minorities including the Estonian-Swedes were evacuted by Merchant Vessels and Destroyers.
Demand Åland
Demand Åland from the Finns, it is our right to be reunited with our people and protect the entrance into the Gulf of Bothnia. It is essential to protect the swedish population on the Islands and to reclaim our historic lands.
Copenhagen Treaty
Ask Denmark and Norway to join in our Alliance at a summit in Copenhagen.
Danish Industrial Cooperation
Cooperate with the Danes to streamline factory output.
Oslo Amendment
Ask Norway to join in an Alliance.
Norwegian Dockyard Cooperation
Institute Norwegain ship assembly to improve the efficiency of Uboat and Destroyer production.
Annex Norway
Norway declared independence from Sweden in 1905 and has been a sovereign Nation ever since. The political discourse has grown hard and the considerable differences might force us to intervene and control their independence.
German Cooperation
German power in Europe is an ever growing force, by cooperating we can gain better relations to the Germans. 
Dagö & Ösel Crisis
Dagö & Ösel Crisis
Dagö & Ösel are both islands of the west coast of Estonia, historically populated by swedes residing around the Baltic.  Their current situation is uncertain and tensions in the region makes it likely that their government might move against them and a Crisis is unfolding for our Countrymen. We must intervene!
Millitarism
German Armor Cooperation
In the face of the greater good the Germans are ready to help us in our war effort to streamline the production of light tanks.
Befriend Soviet Union
Coerce Finland
Coerce Norway
Norwegian Ultimatum
Join the Allies
Wrokers Expansion
Frivilligkåren
Frivilligkåren is our Volunteer Battalions which are going to participate on behalf of other nations that need them more than we do.
War Bonds
We can ask the people to invest in governmental War Bonds in order to raise money for our war effort.
Can now deploy Light Tanks and Motorized Units
Can get event Unite with Finland-Swedes
Defence Policy
Försvarsbeslutet
Manifest the National Defense Assessment which assesses our defensive needs for the next 10 years. This time we are in need of additional funds to the Deparment of Defence and the Arms Industry to achieve our domestic production goals.
Supreme Commander
Rationing
We can choose to ration some Consumer Goods our in order to free up capacity in our Civilian factories.
Luftvärnet
Luftvärnet is responsible for the defense of our Airspace from the ground.
Arbetarbundet
Home Guard
Hemvärnet is a civil millitia which gathers men from accross the country to protect the homeland against potential invanders.
Varvs Expansion
Expand the naval dockyards and enhance the Norwegian Cooperation.
RADAR
Focus your efforts on developing better RADAR systems to detect enemy activity.
Kalixlinjen
The Kalix line is a line of forts constructed to protect our north-eastern border to Finland and further on the Soviet Union. It is sittuated along the Torne River in dense forests.
Continuation War
Join the Continuation War to deter the Soviets once and for all from our Scandinavian homelands.
War with Germany
Liberate Norway from Germans and support the Allied mission.
En Svensk Tiger
The Swedish National spirit to unite the people and strengthen the war effort.
Revoke the Åland Convention
The Åland Convention which was signed in 1921 has given Finland the ownership of the Åland islands. The Majority population is Swedish and historically the islands are part of our territory. We can defy the League of Nations ruling and revoke the Åland Convention to reclaim the islands for Sweden.
Fortify Åland
Fortify the Åland islands as they hold a key strategical position in protecting Stockholm and the Gulf.
Ministry of Defence
American Equipment
Scandinavianism
The idea that we should all stand together as one in our fight against any common enemy is nothing new. This revived Scandinavianism will allow us to free up manpower in our Armed Forces and will enhance our capabilites to provide reinforcements.
White Guard Uprising
Explanantion:Sweden will incite a civil war in Finland and then be asked to join by Dem. Finland. Åland will some days after rise up and unit with sweden if u say yes. You will fight communist finland if you say yes.
Embargo Germany
Operation Stella Polaris
Operation Stella Polaris
Abandon Neutrality
Abandon the current Neutrality policy our government had set up in order to pursue a more interventionist policy and take a stance for your side in the conflicts to come.
Saltsjöbad Agreement
Sign the historic Saltsjöbad Agreement and define once and for all that the Governemt will be kept out of any private negotiations between employees and their employers to increase competitivness of our Industry.
Öresund Dispute
Gain 2 Divisions of Police Troops in southern Sweden
1 Division escapes to Sweden
Defensive Reserves

Stockpile Fuel

Emergency Arms

Focus on the H.A.F
The Hellenic Armed Forces have been neglected because of the economic troubles of the interwar yers. It is itme to update our doctrines and our equipment
£tech_mod Fund Military Research

£tech_mod Lessons Learned

£tech_mod Naval Research

Navigate the Political Crisis
A power struggle between the nationalists, republicans and communists is underway, the volotile political situation requires attention from the King
Civil Engineer Plans
Our national industries and infrastructure are about to undergo a major transformation, we have to be prepared
Appoint Metaxàs as Defence Minister
The old general will act as a powerful mediator and hopefully take control of the situation
Summon the Hellenic General Staff
The Hellenic Genreral Staff has served us well in the balkan wars, WWI and the Greco-Turkish War. They are now called to do so again
Adopt Papàgos' Plan
Adopt the defensive plans of the traditional, but clever Field Marshal Aléxandros Papàgos
Adopt the Tsolàkoglou strategy
Tsolàkoglou is a brilliant theorist that looks to modernise the Greek army and bring tanks into the fold
Defence of Macedonia and Thrace
We need to prepare a plan to defend ourselves against Bulgaria
E.P.K Pyrkal Submachinegun
Modernisation of our gun stockpile is in order
Motorisation of the Army
Mobility is Key
Hellenic Tank Program
Development of tanks is the key to a modern army
Update the H.R.A.F
Update the Hellenic Royal Air Force. We need control of the skies
The Underdog Strategy
we cannot hope to defeat the Regia Autonautica, but we will give them a bloody nose
Establish Fighter Command
our reliable Polish biplanes will be ready to respond to any provocation
Construct the Ellinikó Airport
Construct the Ellinikó Airport to upgrade the Athenian air connections
Build a Bomber
If we Build a Bomber, we should be able to reach Rome
The Greek Merchant Marine
our Merchant Marine is unmatched by anyone in the Agean
Méga to tis thalássis Krátos
The great Maritime state, Greece has expirience in its own seas
Hit and Run Tactics
We might hont be able to defeat the Regia Marina, but we will give them headaches if they dare challenge us
Upgrade the Averof
Upgrade the Averof Armoured Cruiser, the great jewel of the Hellenic Royal Navy
Aetos Class Destroyers
Destroyer upgrades are in order, we have to protect ourselves
Public Works Projects
Construction always fed they poor in Greece, it shall do so again
Revive the Eleusína Dockyard
The Eleusína Docks will have to get buisy again
Athens Salonica Railway
connect our two major cities with a new railway
Make a deal with Pyrkal
Make a deal with the E.P.K Pyrkal Arms manufacturer
Create ELBO
Create the Hellenic State Arms Manufacturer
Small Arms Factories
Small Arms Factories are the key to equip the Greek Army
National Labour Service
Establish the National Labour Service, we can give work to all poor without communist unions
State Corporatism
State Corporations will be the catalyst to our progress
£tech_mod Fund The Athens Polytechnic University
The Athens Polytechnic University has a pedigree of great research, we must support them
New Construction Safety Standards
New Construction Safety Standards are the key to productivity
End the Ifesi
The depression will limit Greek buisness no more!
Greek Tobacco Exports
Greek Tobacco Exports will bring in new capital
State Employment
Metaxás Plans to feed the poor, he things state employment will help
4th of August Regime
The old General Ioànnis Metaxàs has proclamed a Dictatorship of the people. his grip on power is backed by the army and the king, Greece is at the mercy of the Archigós!
Build the Metàxas Line
Build the Metaxàs Line to defend thrace and Macedonia from Bulgaria
Extend the Metaxàs Line
Extend the Metaxàs Line to cover the Epirus Sector
Cánon de 65 M Pack Artillery
It is time to equip our mountaineers
Modern Artillerists
Modern Artillery is the key to a modern army
£tech_mod British Assistance in Tank Development
We have to modernise our tanks, the british will help
Èvzones
The Elites of the Greek Soldiers, any enemy that plans on invading will taste the boot of the Èvzone
Freedom Or Death!
Freedom or Death! To our last breath! Onwards Brothers! For the Glory of Hellas!
Lessons of Kilkis and Eli
The two defining Naval battles of the Balkan wars. We need Battleships!
Pávlos Koundouriótis was the rockstar Greek admiral of the Georgios Averof during the balkan wars. This admiral's dedication to the Hellenic Royal Navy is a constant inspiration to our Navy and to the Greek ship builders, we are to rule the Agean Sea!
Asfália
The Fearsome secret police of the Metaxá Regime, better keep quiet, even the walls have ears
YRE Broadcasting
YRE Broadcasts support out king, they also teach us lessons about ellectronic engineering
Imprison the Communists
Treason against the King and Country will not be tollerated! Communist agitators will be sent to prison or exhile!
Prohibit Strikes
The Regime will take care of workers, strikes are not needed
Establish the E.O.N
We have established the National Youth Organisation, this organisation will serve to educate our children and teens about the values of Metaxas and the 4th of August Regime. These youths will make great workers and if need be, soldiers
Create the I.K.A
The National Insurance Organisation to support our workers
Labour Protections
Labour Protections are needed to protect our workers
Debt Relief
Debt relief will help the struggling families and peasants of Greece
Social Security
Social Security is the work of the I.K.A, these programms are proving popular
Strengthen The Crown
Strengthen The Crown, is strengthening the country
Public Re-education
Public Re-education of our poeple. We will teach the ideals of the 4th of August Regime
Evacuate the Government to Crete
The mainland can no longer be held, we have been defeated by technologically and numerically superior Axis forces. Evacuate the remnants of our army and the government to Heraklion. We will make our last stand in Crete!
AERA!
Brothers! Fix bayonets! Dia tis Lónghis! AERA!
Fund The H.R.N
Fund the Hellenic Royal Navy
OXI!
NO! we shall not let the Italians move in to our country without a fight, 'OXI' was the answer to the Italian ultimatum. If worse comes to worst and we lose our mainland, Crete is were we make our last stand
Tackle the Italian Threat
Italian agression will be met with determination
Upgrade the Mannlicher 1903
Upgrade the Mannlicher 1903, it has served us well, but we have to move on
Defence of the Epirus Sector
We need a cohesive plan to defend ourselves in the case italy invades through albania
Third Hellenic Civilisation
Third Hellenic Civilisation, the Vision of Metaxas is Complete!
Establish the Cairo Government
Our country has been defeated. The Greek Government, along with some soldiers and refugees has reached alexandria and established itself in Cairo. With British help, we will continue the struggle, until final Victory. Méhri tis Telikís Níkis!, long live Hellas!
The H.A.F in the Middle East
Establish The Hellenic Armed Forces in the Middle East in order to continue the struggle from exile. All free Greeks are called to serve!
Antártes
Greek Guerillas, the self proclamed Antártes, will cooperate with the British in order to sabotage the occupiers. The Axis soldiers opressing the Greek civilians better sleep with one eye open...
Superior Planning
Aléxandros Papàgos believes that a good plan is how you win a war
Artillery Modernisation
Modern artillery and AA is going to be needed in the near future
Mechanised Corps
Mechanised Corps will reinforce our tank army
British Arms Assistance
The British will hopefully help us aleviate the problems we are expiriencing with ammunition sortages
British Logistical Assistance
A dire shortage of transport vechiles can only be solved by aid from the British
British Medical Assistance
Field hospitals and medics are out of vital supplies
Reorganise the Cretan 5th Division
Crete needs an effective Greek Defence Force
Assist the EAM
The Greek Communist party has, independently of the government, waged a very effective guerilla war through its armed wing, the National Liberation Front, the EAM!
Fund the EDES
Former republican General Napoleon Zervas is leading a resistance organisation, we should support him
British S.O.E
The British S.O.E will support the Greek partisans and help them organise
Gorgopotamos Bridge Sabotage
Its time to blow that bridge to kingdom come
O Polemos mas sinehizetai!
An exerpt from the last message of the Athens Radio Station: 'Greeks, hold your spirits high. Our war goes on! And it will go on, until our final victory. Long Live the Nation of the Greeks'
Deal With Mutinies
Arrest these troublemakers, we can't afford insubordination in this trying time
3rd Mountain Brigade
New Politically reliable soldiers will carry us to victory
Italian invasion preparations
We shall land with American Help and crush the Italian menace
Efoplistes
The rich Greek shipping magnates 'Efoplistes' are helping our country with donations in these hard times
Indian Ocean Patrols
If we cant keep up with the british navy in the mediterranian, we will help in the Indian Ocean
Fund better Army Production

Fund better Army Developement


State funded and managed economy
Free Market economy
£tech_mod Lessons of the 5 Year Plan
Open Izmit Paper factory
Open Sumerbank Eregili Fabric factory
Open Nazilli Textile factory
Open Gemlik ArtSilk factory
Open Bursa Merinos factory
Open Malatya Cloth and Yard factory
Open Karabuk Iron and Steel Works
Second Five Year Industrial Plan
Open Guleman Chrome Mine
Open Raman Experimental Refinery
Found Istanbul Radio Station
Open Sivas Cement Factory
Batman Experimental Liquidation Center
Catalagzi Thermal Power Plant
Infrastructure investments
Sivas Erzurum Railway
Diyarbakir-Batman Railway
Diyarbakir-Kurtalan Railway
Nationalize Ergani Copper Plant
Nationalize Kuvarshan Copper Plant
Nationalize Eregli Coal Plant
Nationalize Tuncbilek Lignite Plant
Complete the second Five Year Industrial Plan
End State Controlled System
Grant State Factories to Private sector
Adopt the Barker Report Findings
Invest in private sector
Privatize Petrolium
Export Agricultural Goods
Take On More Foreign Debt
Ease Government Regulations
Export Metals
Cement Industry Effort
We have to rebuild our land to prosper. That shall start by building more cement factories.
Sugar Industry Effort
We should be able to cover our basic needs without relying on anyone.
Expand The Ironweb
We have to connect our nation from east to west. Our railroad network has to be expanded.
Build Paşabahçe Glass Factory
We will diversify our industry.
Expand Central Industrial Region
Expand our centralized armaments industry.
First Five Year Development Plan
We must construct our infrastructure to build civilian factories for our nation's needs.
Build Merinos Textiles Factory
We will diversify our industry.
Develop The Capital
Our new capital is at the center of our land. We must develop it into a nexus of transport and cargo.
Invest In Western Anatolia
Too much damage was done in Western Anatolia during our liberation war. We have to put our utmost effort to rebuild.
Build Kardemir Steelworks
We have to build our heavy industry to catch up with the western nations.
£tech_mod Establish Village Institutes
We will educate villagers to let them educate other villagers. We will be able conduct more researches with the help of an improved workforce.
Prospect For Oil
Our neighbors are floating on oil. There is strong possibility that we have oil too. We should intensify our prospecting on the eastern border.
Raman Petrolium
We have discovered the first traces of commercially viable oil fields at Mount Raman. It is time to start drilling.
Electronics Effort
We can only fulfill our goal to catch up with the western nations by putting our efforts on information and computing technologies.
Atomic Energy Institute
We must not lose the chance to be the first to discover a way to harness the primal fire of fission.
£tech_mod Middle East Technical University
The rapid industrialization of our nation has opened up new opportunities in R&D that we should pursue. With an other technical university in the heart of our land, we can conduct more researches.
Prepare For The Next War
The Great War may only have been the first of its kind. We must prepare for what must surely be an ever-changing battlefield.
The Defense Of Anatolia
Even bolder stratagems must be devised if the defense of our homeland is to succeed.
Crescent Retreat Strategy
Should the fighting turn against us, we must have plans in place for effective regrouping and retaliation.
Fortify Erzurum
Forts constructed in the east will secure additional defenses against a possible Soviet aggression.
Soviet Threat
By fortifying key areas we make ourselves less vulnerable, should our big neighbour turn aggressive.
Standardization Of Equipment
By standardizing the equipment of our soldiers we set the foundation for a modern supply apparatus.
Modernizing The Cavalry
While the cavalry still has a role to play, we need new metal mounts for it to compete on the modern battlefield.
Study Foreign Tanks
These \"tanks\" will be a central part of todays armed conflicts, and we must make sure to keep pace with western nations, by any means necessary.
Tank Experiments
With the basics of tank design in place, we are now ready to start forging our own path in the tangled field of mechanized design.
Artillery Modernization
We must not neglect to improve and modernize the support our soldiers require for effective deployment.
Special Forces
We must deploy troops who can take advantage of our mountainous land.
Army Modernization
Modern arms for modern men!
Women In Aviation
Sabiha Gökçen's success at the Aviation Academy will sure lead others to come.
Fighter Modernization
The mainstay of any air force, our fighters must not be made obsolete. As the rest of our air force improves, so must they.
Air Innovations
There is still much to be done in the field of aerial strategy and tactics.
Heavy Fighter Concept
Should we be forced to go on the offensive, we need a new kind of fighter that can operate at length inside hostile borders.
Naval Bomber Experiments
Air supremacy is as important at sea as over land. Specialized aircraft developed for the purpose of naval warfare is a way to achieve that aim.
Medium Bomber Focus
An extension of the precision bombing philosophy adapted for extended range to be used in support roles.
Light Bomber Focus
The value of using dive bombers for close air support should not be underestimated.
Air Modernizations Program
Aviation theory is just as important as technology. New stratagems for our pilots are still waiting to be discovered.
Rocket Development
Speed is the attribute on which all other aerial attributes rely. Rocket and jet engines could theoretically allow us to pass all previous limits.
Develop Turkish Ship Building
Surrounded by the seas, we have no excuse to neglect our naval efforts.
Study Foreign Built Ships
New kinds of ships are continuously being developed by our neighbors. We must study them, or we will find our own antiquated.
A Cruiser Navy
Increasingly larger ships will be needed to make a reality of our plans for a sea presence.
Import Submarine Technology
A submarine gap is unacceptable. We will have the technology, even if we must purchase it.
Commerce Attack Tactics
No navy is complete without submarines. Ours need to be organized for optimal lethality, just like the rest of the fleet.
The Twin Threats
By focusing on the counter-tactics needed to oppose our most likely enemies we will keep the upper hand in naval combat.
Coastal Defense
A short-range, mobile naval defense force could potentially do the work of many times their strength in stationary fortifications.
Strike Force
In case we lack in numbers, we need a rapidly deployed force of warships to be able to strike at the enemy where he is weakest.
Mediterranean Navy
A thorough effort to reinvent our naval strategy will be of great importance if we are to utilize our ships in the Mediterranean.
Diplomatic Effort
We have to be active in the international arena to protect our interests.
Claims On Bulgaria
We must control any land that naturally belongs to us.
Fate Of Hatay
Bay of Alexandretta is a valuable natural port. We must claim the autonomous sandjak of Alexandretta to secure our interests in the region. Luckily the local peopla are pro-Turkey. If only we could held a referendum...
Sun Language Theory
The good of the nation must take precedence to so-called \"truths\". Just as we forge our own destiny, we must forge our own facts.
Claim Rhodes
Rhodes and the Dodecanese islands on our southwest under control of Italians is a major threat to our security. Now that with the backing of the British, we should claim them back.
Peace At Home Peace In The World
We must stay away from major conflicts, yet look for friends to stand together against aggression.
Treaty With Iran
Old grudges need to stay in the past. Every friend is needed in the dark times ahead.
Expand The Sadabat Pact
One can never have enough friends.
Internationalism
The enemies of our enemies can be our friends.
Authoritarianism
Democracy is a weak solution to tough problems. If power is to be wielded with force, it must be freed from the shackles of consensus.
Paramilitarism
Military principles have applications outside the military arena. With every part of society trained in these disciplines, every citizen will be able to take up arms at a moment's notice.
Go Right
Strength is the only quality worth pursuing. Our neighbors have embraced this truth, and so must we.
Military Youth
Enrolling our young in organizations promoting discipline and national ideology will breed a loyal generation of future recruits.
Draw Closer To Germany
We fought together, now we shall stand together.
Go Left
Only by uniting our people can we prevail against the foes that threaten to consume us.
Political Commissars
In order to maintain control of the military, political officers will be appointed to ensure military adherence to the party policies.
Draw Closer To USSR
The USSR has been nothing but a friend to us. We should show the necessary appreciation.
Intervention Focus
If we value freedom, we need to safeguard it not only for us, but for nations everywhere. If this means war, so be it!
Draw Closer To Britain
We have to get closer to Britain if we are going to be a part of the western world.
Claims On Greece
We have to reclaim the Aegean Islands and Western Thrace for our security .
Demand Mosul
Mosul question was not resolved properly after the great war. Now it is time to fix it.
Claim Cyprus
Cyprus is very important for our southern security. Now that we have strong friends beside us, it is time to take it back.
Technology Sharing
We should benefit from the technological advancements of our allies.
Ideological Fanaticism
Militarism
Authoritarianism
Revanchism
Internationalism
is invited to [Root.GetFlag]§Y[Root.GetName]§!'s faction.\n
Türk Silahlı Kuvvetleri
Modern Warfare
Traditional Warfare
£tech_mod Unforeseen Consequences
Infantry Based Tactics
Combined Arms
Artillery Support
Send war equipment technicians to the west
New Tactics
Mobile Offensives
Finest Horses
Purchase French and English Tanks
Take to the Skies
Revive Tomtas
Invest in Western Design
Establish Air War College
Offensive Mindset
Purchase USA and UK Tanks
Buy Panzers
Doctrine of Attack
Purchase French Aircraft
Purchase Aircraft From USA
Establish Air Brigades
Invest in Airplane prototypes
Form Air Force Command
Expand Ankara Aircraft Factory
Naval Warfare
Turkish Wolves
Light Naval Warfare
Invest in Golcuk Shipyard
Joint Naval Exercises with [ITA.GetName]
Joint Naval Exercises with [SOV.GetName]
Heavy Naval Warfare
The City
Develop Arms
Sadabat Trade Mission
Ready for Conflict
£tech_mod New Equipment
The Montreux Convention
Liberal Ideas
Fishing Industry
Revisionized War Horrors
Doctrine of Bombardment
Drain Lake Amik
Under Developed Army (Modernization Stage 1)
Under Developed Army (Modernization Stage 2)
Under Developed Army (Modernization Stage 3)
Under Developed Army (Modernization Stage 2)
Ataturks Ideals
Republicanism
Focus on womens rights
Women's Education
Equality at work
Sabiha Gökçen
Diplomacy of Neutrality
Friendship with Afghanistan
Begin Relations with Greece
Resolve Greek issues
Nationalism
Turkish Language Association
Historical Society
Old Relationships
Populism
Jurdicial Effort
Penal Code
Secularism
Strenghten the Diyanet
Translate the Quran
Reformism
Modern Education
Western Trained Officers
Modern Administration
Statism
National Resources
Planned Industry
Grain Board
General Directorate of Statistics
Continue with The Republican People's Party
Back Ismet Inonu
Reafirm Nuetrality
Gök Okulu
Extend the Draft
Build the Cakamk Line
Reinforce the Catalca Line
Martial Law
Turk-English-Franc Alliance
Treaty of Friendship with Germany
Clodius Agreement
Join the Allies
National Protection Law
Price Supervision Commission
Form Petrol Ofisi
Form Chambers of Trade and Industry
Food Distribution
Strict Working Conditions
Land for Farmers
People’s Developement
Ask [ENG.GetNameDef] for aid
Ration Card System
Varlık Vergisi
Replace Earning's Tax with Corporations Tax
End one party rule
Instal Kazim Karabekir
Increase The Military's Influence
Black Market Crackdown
Begin Talks with the Axis
German Trade Agreements
Mediterranean Trade network
Plans for Barbarossa
German Military Aid
Talks with the Allies
Economic Investment from the USA
Defense of the Mediterranian
Arms Shipments
A new Path
Military Politics
Soviet Tilt
Full Democracy
Rally Nationalists
Pride of the Military
Military Junta
Return of the Ittihat
Ultranationalism
The Court of Fascists
Ittihat's Germanophiles
Join the Axis
War Investments
Research Collabration
Foster Turkic Nationalism
Eastern Claims
Misaki Milli Claims
Russian Rebels
Form Millet Partis
Organise the Opposition
Lean towards Conservatism
Lean towards Liberalism
The flaws of one party
Form Demokrat Parti
Form Milli Kalkınma Partisi
Try Multi Party System Again
Dörtlü Takrir Motion
Hürriyet Misakı Report
New Administration Policy
Allied Cooperation
Align the Balkans
Allied Shipping Agreements
Lower Secular ties
New Government Policy
Nuri Demirağ leads the new party
MKP
Religous Relations with Other Islamic Countries
Reject Populism
Privatize Education
Religious Education
Civilian government under the Military
Milli Kalkınma Partisi
Motor and Machinery Schools
University Reforms
Revoke Land Reforms
Give Advantages to Land Owners
Found Theological Seminaries
£tech_mod Imam Hatip Schools
Parliamentary System
Form Independent Election Council
Establish 2nd house of Parliament
Regional Courts
Village Building Plan
Accept Soviet Power
Lift the Ban on Communist Parties
Türkiye Komünist Partisi Takes control
Purge the Islamists from the Government
Raise Sultan as a Figurehead
Weekly Pazarı
Ally With the Islamists
Ataturk has passed
Encourage Local Militias
Invite Sultan Back
Absolute Monarchy
Constitutional Monarchy
Adapt to Modern Ideas
Modern Taxation
Minority Rights
£tech_mod Western Schooling
Return the Capital to Istanbul
Return to Glory
The Expanse of the Sultanate
Religous Reach
Tribute to the Sultan
Ottoman Claims
Claim on Thrace
Islands of the Sultanate
Secure our Oil
Close Halkevleri
Join Comintern
Communist Literature
Nazım Hikmet Writings
Soviet Trade Policy
Turkish Aviation
European Experts
French Inspired Designs
English Inspired Designs
Wealth Tax
National Railways
Usa Expertise
British Air Training
Renew Allied Trade

Rejoin the Railways
The Russians and the Germans who occupied us have seen us as nothing more than a rural backwater, but no more. [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] shall be industrialized to its maximum potential starting with an upgrade of our railways and infrastructure.
Seek [GetBalticAxisInvesmentsAdj] Investments
[GetBalticAxisInvesmentsDesc]
Germany’s trade ports exist all along the Baltic, and although we were enemies once, it is undeniable that Axis trade and investments would strengthen the [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] economy immeasurably.
Fascism has a strong presence in Europe, and although there's some understandable reservations, it is undeniable that Fascist trade and investments would strengthen the [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] economy immeasurably.
Fascism has a strong presence around the world, and although there's some understandable reservations, it is undeniable that Fascist trade and investments would strengthen the [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] economy immeasurably.
[JAP.GetName] has proven their economic and military might, and although they're not exactly neighbors, it is undeniable that [JAP.GetAdjective] trade and investments would strengthen the [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] economy immeasurably.
Adopt [GetBalticAxisInvesmentsAdj] War Economics
[GetGermanWarEconomicsDesc]
The Germans are in the process of a rapid military industrialization the likes of which Europe has seen few times before and we would do well to emulate them and seek investment from the Reichsbank.
Our fascist benefactors are in the process of a rapid military industrialization the likes of which we've seen few times before and we would do well to emulate them and seek investment from them.
[Root.GetAdjective] Autobahn
It matters little how well industrialized [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] is if her infrastructure does not facilitate a rapid and continuous influx of labour. By modelling our infrastructure sector after that of the Reich, we may achieve the efficiency they have.
Eastwall
The Germans anticipate an attack from the East as much as we do and German officials would be well-advised to fortify our border with as much vigor as their own.
Balticwall
Fortifications in the east are worthless if our enemies choose instead to perform an attack from the sea! We may never build a navy to rival the British, Germans, or Soviets, but we can do what we can to render them helpless against our coastal defences.
[GetBalticAxisInvesmentsAdj] Tank Licences
[GetGermanTankLicencesDesc]
German tanks have proven themselves capable of leaving their enemies scattered and confused as they blitz through their target. [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] would benefit greatly by emulating these tactics in the oncoming wars to the East.
The tanks of our fascist benefactors have proven themselves capable of leaving their enemies scattered and confused as they blitz through their target. [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] would benefit greatly by emulating these tactics in the oncoming wars to the East.
Axis-Baltic Industry
[GetGermanBalticIndustryDesc]
Our nation now is rich in German investment. The private sectors of Germany and [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] are almost indistinguishable, with many of the same corporations providing work to [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective]s and Germans alike.
Our nation now is rich in foreign fascist investment. The private sectors of other our fascist benefactors and [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] are almost indistinguishable, with many of the same corporations providing work to [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective]s and their people alike.
Request [GetBalticAxisInvesmentsAdj] Support
[GetRequestGermanSupportDesc]
We lack the industrial capacity of Germany, but perhaps we may be able to convince German officials to grant us some extra stockpiled equipment to better defend ourselves against the oncoming Communist threat to the East.
We lack the industrial capacity of our fascist benefactors, but perhaps we may be able to convince their officials to grant us some extra stockpiled equipment to better defend ourselves against the oncoming Communist threat to the East.
Renew Allied Trade
Seek Foreign Investments
[GetBalticRenewAlliedTradeDesc]
We have been reliant on British trade and military support since the inception of our state and it would be foolhardy of us to abandon that now. We must attract allied investments to our nation if we are to once again survive the onslaught of the Germans and Russians encroaching on our borders.
We have been reliant on the Allies for trade and military support since the inception of our state and it would be foolhardy of us to abandon that now. We must attract Allied investments to our nation if we are to once again survive the onslaught of the Germans and Russians encroaching on our borders.
We have been reliant on other nations for trade and military support since the inception of our state and it would be foolhardy of us to abandon that now. We must attract foreign investments to our nation if we are to once again survive the onslaught of the Germans and Russians encroaching on our borders.
[Root.Capital.GetName] Ford Industry
Ford motor company have done a fine job of providing mass-produced affordable motor vehicles to the Americans and other Allied nations throughout the world. If we should establish a Ford manufactory in [Root.Capital.GetName], we will be able to both provide vehicles for our own army and make a tidy profit exporting them to the West.
[Root.Capital.GetName]-Crossley Motors
With foreign investment now rife within our nation and production of automobiles in reasonable efficiency, we may be able to collaborate with the Crossley Motor Company to create original designs for use within the [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] army!
Invite British Designers
We have studied British designs thoroughly, and with [Root.Capital.GetName]-Crossley Motors proving to be a successful endeavour, we would do well to extend formal invitations for British designers to join the [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Engineering Company.
Technology Sharing
We produce many of our partner’s equipment already, but perhaps by studying their designs we shall be able to significantly improve native [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] designs.
British Aircraft Manufacturing
Foreign Aircraft Manufacturing
[GetBritAircraftManufDesc]
Efforts at domestic aviation designs have been lukewarm at best thus far. So far the airforce has relied on aircrafts seized from German and Soviet forces, but we must begin domestic production of aircraft if we are to survive and the British airforce may be the key to attaining victory…
Efforts at domestic aviation designs have been lukewarm at best thus far. So far the airforce has relied on aircrafts seized from German and Soviet forces, but we must begin domestic production of aircraft if we are to survive and help from a foreign airforce may be the key to attaining victory…
Increase Allied Shipments
Since 1918, the [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] army has been equipped with shipments sent to us from Great Britain and we should make efforts to make the Allies understand that unless shipments are drastically increased, [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] may become subject to another Soviet puppet government.
The Baltic Fleet
While the [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] fleet is scarcely the envy of the world, with proper investment it may yet prove to be able to defend [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] from any attempted invasions on the sea.
Attract Workers to [Root.Capital.GetName]
The workers of [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] are spread disparately across the countryside, often working in the outdated agricultural sector. If we want to industrialize our nation for war, we must attract workers to the factories of [Root.Capital.GetName]!
Rebuild the [Root.Capital.GetName] Forts
During the independence wars, [Root.Capital.GetName] was more a fort than a city. Although the fortifications have largely been dismantled and forgotten, they must be rebuilt and maintained, ready for war.
Arm the Nation
All across [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] there are men ready to face the oncoming threat of a Soviet invasion but lack the equipment to do so. We must ready our arms industry for the rapid production of infantry equipment.
Unchain Our Education
The [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] educational system has long been restricted by our disparate population centres, but now with rural folk moving closer to the cities, we shall be more capable of efficiently educating the [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] youth.
The Defence of Our Nation
Civilian industry is of equal importance to our defence as the arms industry. The steady hum of machinery will drone throughout all of [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] as its patriotic people do their duty to industrialize our nation.
Modernize Our Industry
For too long, [Root.GetNonIdeologyName]’s output has been defined by agriculture but no more. We must concentrate our industry around the major city centers in each state if we are to turn [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] into a modern economy.
A Domestic Motor Company
Foreign designs are fine, but we cannot rely on them in perpetuity. [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] is a proud nation, and we must show the world that our designers and thinkers are just as adequate as those from the West.
Baltic School of Aviation
School of Aviation
During the independence war, the war for superiority in the air and seas were fought by the British on our behalf, but as the Brits continue to grant concession after concession to the Nazi menace, we cannot trust that they will defend us again and we must take to the air ourselves!
Original Designs
From our nation’s birth in 1918 to the present day, [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] has equipped its armies with arms from the Brits, but no more. We cannot rely on the Brits any longer, we must look forward and begin manufacturing weaponry of [Root.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] origin.
Complete the Armament
Now that the modernization of our industry is complete and we have countless domestic military industrial organizations operating within our country, the [Root.GetAdjective] arms industry may finally live up to its true potential!
Develop Natural Resources
[Root.GetNaturaResource_BAL] has made our country rich from trade with the Soviets, the Allies, and our fellow Baltic states alike and we would do well to invest more into this industry by investing in [Root.GetExtraction_BAL] across the nation!
Trade with the Neighbors
Each time we invest trade into the Germans or the Soviets, we are contributing to our own doom. We cannot allow enemy troops to invade [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] with Lithuanian grain in their rations and Estonian oil in their tanks made from Latvian steel. We must instead aid each other to defeat our common enemy.
Invest in Baltic Trade
The Baltic Sea is rich with trade from Scandinavia, Germany, and Russia and our ports can scarcely contain them all. We must open up new trade lines with our friends who share this sea with us for a brighter and more prosperous [Root.GetNonIdeologyName]!
Restore the Worker’s Republic
During our struggle for independence, the Soviets aided the creation of a [Root.GetAdjective] Worker’s Republic. Although the republic failed, its leaders remain alive in both [Root.GetNameDef] and [SOV.GetNameDef], hence hope for the worker’s republic remains!
Seek the Support of the Soviets
Although the Red Army laid waste to [Root.GetNameDef] and brought our nation into a new era of Russian imperialism, we are without a chance to bring socialism to [Root.GetNameDef] without their assistance.
Soviet Equipment
We cannot hope to topple the government without first gaining access to weapons and materials necessary to arm our militia. By reaching out to the Russians for assistance, we will gain extra armaments to support our armies, should the old government attempt to halt the revolution.
Soviet Volunteer Forces
The USSR is practically overflowing with men ready to fight and die for the world revolution. Though [Root.GetNameDef] is just a mere stepping-stone in the fight for a communist world, there is no shortage of brave Russian socialists ready to die for our cause.
Soviet Military Staff
After the [Root.GetAdjective] Worker’s Republic was disbanded, our military staff largely went into exile in the USSR. They must be brought home.
Enter Opposition
The Soviet Union has proven itself to be no friend to [Root.GetNameDef] nor its people and we would be fools to hand the keys to [Root.GetNameDef] over to the vultures of the Red Army who want nothing more than to plunder the [Root.GetAdjective]. They are no more trustworthy than the capitalists, and if the [Root.GetCommunistParty] are to succeed, it must be done alone!
Unite the Opposition
There are many movements both within and without the [Root.GetAdjective] government and if we are to overthrow the current tyranny that plagues [Root.GetNameDef], we must become the unifying voice of opposition to [Root.GetNeutralParty]!
Concessions for Catholics
Much of [Root.GetNameDef]’s lower classes are devout Catholics, and in the first Worker’s Republic, religious practice was harshly stamped out by the Red Army. This turned many of [Root.GetNameDef]’s poor against the revolution, so if we are to truly be the republic of the people, we must assure them in no uncertain terms that their faith will be protected.
Secure Military Support
Many in the military would seek to rid the nation of [Root.GetLeader], all we need do is approach them. A general seeking honour and renown would surely be drawn to our cause with the promise of becoming a hero of the people.
Overthrow [Root.GetNeutralParty]
We have gathered enough support to topple [Root.GetLeader] and [Root.GetLeader.GetHerHis] regime! All we need do is march on the capital and proclaim a new Worker’s Republic!
Seize the Means of Production
The old government invited investors from overseas to exploit the labour of the [Root.GetAdjective] people. We cannot continue to allow the hands of the proletariat to serve their foreign bourgeoisie masters and all factories constructed by these multinational corporations must be taken into the custody of [Root.GetNameDef].
A Revolutionary Cabinet
Now that we have returned to our rightful place as the stalwart sentinels of the lower-class, we may once again assemble a cabinet of ministers aligned with the ideology of our new state.
Direct Soviet Intervention
We have proven unable to reclaim the government alone and we must call upon our allies in [SOV.GetNameDef] to aid us in our struggle.
Squash All Resistance
There are still yet people who believe socialism to be the enemy of [Root.GetAdjective] sovereignty, and these people must be rooted out if we are to advance the revolution.
A Purge of Our Own
Even through our best efforts to squash all resistance, there are still those organizing in the shadows, conspiring against the proletariat to restore a capitalist dictatorship in [Root.GetNonIdeologyName]. We must conduct a popular purge; rooting out any members of the old government and any who support them.
Crush the Forest Brothers
The Forest Brothers have been a blight on our nation since our takeover; sabotaging our industries, railroads, and disrupting official government demonstrations. We must venture into the forests of [Root.GetNonIdeologyName] and root out these misguided individuals.
[Root.GetAdjective] Red Riflemen
Our army must be made up of only those willing to defend socialism within [Root.GetNameDef] and spread it amongst the populace of the world, and this may only be achieved by restoring the [Root.GetAdjective] Red Riflemen.
Realign the Paramilitarists
There are many paramilitary groups throughout [Root.GetNameDef], most of which are devoted solely to the protection of [Root.GetAdjective] self-determination. While admirable, it would be preferred if these groups were to see us not as [SOV.GetAdjective] puppets, but as the logical continuation of the [Root.GetAdjective] state.
Influence the Neighbours
Although not nearly as popular as it was before the wars of independence, the concept of a freed Baltic under socialism is as old as the concept of Baltic self-determination itself. Our state can stand as something to be modelled by those living under the oppressive regimes of the Baltic dictatorships and by weaponizing that, we stand to spread the Revolution to our neighbours bloodlessly.
Arm Baltic Reds
The stage is set, communist fervor is burning all across the Baltics. All the reds need now is the signal and resources from us and we will spark the Baltic revolution!
[Root.GetNonIdeologyName]-Belarus SSR
The concept of uniting Belarus and the Baltic is not a foreign one. Long ago the Lithuanian-Belarus Soviet Socialist Republic existed as a harmonious fusion of these two seemingly different peoples. Socialism knows no boundaries of culture and language, and we see little reason why [Root.GetAdjective] and Belorussian workers could not co-exist.
End the Bourgeoisie Dictatorships
The Baltics are dominated by so-called “neutral” dictators. With the backing of the military and without consent of their people, the proletariat of the Baltic are oppressed under capitalist dictatorship. It is only by the hands of freed [Root.GetAdjective] workers that these workers kept separate by unjust borders may share in our glorious liberation!
Focus on the Interior
Though many workers are eager to march on our neighbours and bring our glorious revolution to all Baltic peoples, we must instead focus on the interior of our nation; stabilizing the regime following the revolution.
Prepare for the Germans
It is vital that we do not forget the absolute brutality that the Freikorps brought to [Root.GetNameDef] so many years ago. Peasants and workers were butchered as if animals, entire villages reduced to ash and ruin, and we cannot allow the [Root.GetAdjective] people to ever endure such brutality again.
[ROOT.GetNameDef] gains §H2 Land Forts§! in every neighboring province.\n\n
Cancel National Focus
You will lose §R$LOST_DAYS$§! day of progress.
You will lose §R$LOST_DAYS$§! days of progress.
Are you sure you want to cancel the national focus §H$FOCUS_NAME$§!?
Imperial Claims

Domestic Armaments
